(Doc's House) 
(The camera pans around the place. No one is home.) 
October is inventory time. So right now, Statler Toyota is making the best deals of the year on all 1985 model Toyotas. You won't find a better car with a better price with better service anywhere in Hill Valley... 
The Senate is expected to vote on this today. In other news, officials at The Pacific Nuclear Research Facility have denied the rumor that the case of missing plutonium was in fact stolen from their vault two weeks ago. A Libyan terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft, however, the officials now infer the crepency to a simple clerical error. The FBI... 
(The door opens and Marty McFly walks in, his skateboard rolls to a stop by the bed. Under the bed we can see a box that is marked Plutonium.) 
Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? 
(He looks around and realizes that no one is home. He decides to test out the Amps. He hooks up his guitar and turns the amp all the way up. He hits one note and the speakers blow out, throwing him back into some boxes.) 
Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. (the phone begins to ring. He answers it.) Yo. 
Marty, is that you? 
Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? 
Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. 
Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? 
Yeah. 
What's going on? Where have you been all week? 
Working. 
Where's Einstein, is he with you? 
Yeah, he's right here. 
You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. 
My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. 
Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. 
Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. 
Right. 
(All of a sudden all the clocks in the room begin going off. It's very loud.) 
Are those my clocks I hear? 
Yeah, it's 8:00. 
They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. 
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? 
Precisely. 
Damn. I'm late for school. 
(Hangs up the phone and heads out. He grabs on to the tail end of a car and rides his skateboard to school.) 
(School) 
(Marty arrives but his girlfriend, Jennifer, is waiting for him.) 
Hello, Jennifer. 
Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. 
(Hallway) 
Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. 
Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. 
Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nuttcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. 
Oh yes sir. 
You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went here. He was a slacker too. 
Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? 
I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother McFly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. 
Yeah, well history is gonna change. 
(Auditorium - After school) 
(Marty's band is getting ready to try out.) 
Next, please. 
Alright, we're the Pinheads. 
(They begin to play the opening to "Power of Love" by Huey Lewis and the News.) 
Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please? 
(Town Square) 
(Marty and Jennifer are sitting on a bench near the Clock Tower.) 
Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. 
I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. 
Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. 
Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. 
But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. 
Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. 
That's good advice, Marty. 
Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, "Get out of here, kid, you got no future." I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. 
C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. 
(spots a really sweet looking Truck.) Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake? Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. 
Stop it. 
What? 
Does your mom know about tomorrow night? 
No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. 
She's just trying to keep you respectable. 
Well, she's not doing a very good job. 
(They go to kiss but a woman shoves a flyer in their faces.) 
Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. 
Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. (drops a quarter into her collection tin.) 
Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. 
Right. 
(walks off) Save the clock tower. 
Where were we? 
Right about here. 
(They kiss right as Jennifer's Dad drives up.) 
Jennifer'Jennifer. 
It's my dad. 
Right. 
I've gotta go. 
I'll call you tonight. 
I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. (writes the number on the back of the Clock Tower flyer.) Bye. 
(Marty's House) 
Perfect, just perfect. 
(Marty arrives in time to see a Tow Truck driving up with what's left of his Dad's Car. Inside Biff Tannen is griping at George McFly, Marty's father. George is a skinny man, and very nerdy.) 
I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blind spot. I could've been killed. 
Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blind spot before when I would drive it. (spots Marty) Hi, son. 
But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? 
Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? 
My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? 
Uh? 
And where's my reports? 
Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till…
Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? (George doesn't say anything.) Would you? 
Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? 
Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. (George looks down and Biff smacks his head.) Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. (Goes to the fridge to get a beer.) I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead? Say hi to your mom for me. (leaves) 
(turns to see Marty's disappointed expression) I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. 
The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? 
I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. 
(Dinner Table - Later) 
(The whole family is having dinner. George is working on his reports and watching TV. David and Linda, Marty's siblings are there as well. David is dressed in his work clothes, a fast food restaurant outfit.) 
Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. 
He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. 
(Marty's mother, Loraine, enters and drops a cake onto the table. She's a plump woman who tends to drink somewhat.) 
Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. 
Uncle Jailbird Joey? 
He's your brother, Mom. 
Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. 
We all make mistakes in life, children. 
God dammit, I'm late. 
David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. 
C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. (kisses George's head.) Woo, time to change that oil. 
(George laughs at that.) 
Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. 
I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. 
Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. 
I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. 
Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. 
Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. 
That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. 
It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. 
Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. 
What was it, George, bird watching? 
(looks up from the TV) What Lorraine, what? 
Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. 
Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. 
No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. 
(Bedroom - 1:00 am) 
(Marty's asleep in his clothes. The phone rings, and Marty wakes up and answers it.) 
Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? 
Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. 
Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? 
Um, yeah, I'm on my way. 
(Twin Pines Mall) 
(Marty shows up but doesn't see Doc. He walks over to Doc's dog, Einstein.) 
Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc? 
(Suddenly the back of an 18-wheeler opens up and Doc drives slowly out in the Delorean.) 
Marty, you made it. 
Yeah. 
Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. 
Um, well it's a Delorean, right? 
Bare with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. 
Doc, is that a de…
Never mind that now, never mind that now. 
Alright, I'm ready. 
Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. (gestures for Einstein to get into the car) C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. 
Whoa, whoa, okay. 
Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. 
Right check, Doc. 
Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. 
You have this thing hooked up to the car? 
(The doc picks up a remote control device.) 
Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. (The car heads straight for them picking up speed all the while. It hits 88 MPH just as it reaches them and it disappears. Leaving behind fire track marks on the pavement.) Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. 
Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. 
Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. 
Where the hell are they. 
The appropriate question is, 'when the hell are they?' Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. 
Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of the Delorean?The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out! (he shoves Marty out of the way just as the car reappears. It's covered in ice.) 
What, what is it hot? 
It's cold, damn cold. (Doc opens the car door with his foot.) Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. 
He's alright. 
He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. (leans into the car and points out the time circuit) First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tells you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You input the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. 
What, I don't get what happened. 
That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porcelain was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. (motions to the flux capacitor.)This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. 
The flux capacitor. 
It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. 
This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? 
Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. 
Uh, plutonium, (lowers the camera) wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? 
Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. (Marty picks the camera up again) No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. 
Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? 
Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. 
Jesus. 
Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. 
(A few minutes later both Doc and Marty are fully clothed in radiation suits. Doc injects a rod of plutonium into the Delorean, then removes his helmet.) 
Safe now, everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. (goes to climb in the Delorean) Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. 
The future, it's where you're going? 
That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. 
Uh, Doc. 
Huh? 
Uh, look me up when you get there. 
Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of? I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back? One pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. (Einstein begins to whine) What is it Einy? (Spots the Libyans in their van) Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. 
Who, who? 
Who do you think, (points) the Libyans. 
Holy shit. 
Unroll their fire. 
Doc, wait. 
(The Libyans corner Doc and shoot him.) 
No!! Bastards!! (They go after him and he jumps in the Delorean and takes off.) 
Go. Go. (they follow) 
C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. (floors the gas, and as soon as the car reaches 88 MPH he is sent back to 1955.) 
Ahh. Ahh. 
(Hill Valley Outskirts - 1955) 
(Marty crashes into Old Man Peabody's Barn. The Peabody's wake up and rush out to the barn.) 
Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? 
Looks like a airplane, without wings. 
That ain't no airplane, look. 
(Holds up his alien comic, which shows an alien craft that looks a lot like the Delorean. They all hold their breath as the door opens and Marty gets out. His radiation hood is over his face, and they think he's an alien.) 
Ahh. 
Children. (they high tale it out of the barn.) 
Listen, woah. (he trips but gets back up.) Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. 
(Marty opens the barn door.) 
It's already mutated intro human form, shoot it. 
Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. (Marty ducks and scrambles back into the Delorean. He takes off running over a pine on the way.) My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. 
(Road) 
(Marty spots a sign for the neighborhood that he lives in. It's just about to be built.) 
Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. (stops a car that's driving by) Woah, hey, listen, you gotta help me. 
Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. 
(They quickly drive off.) 
Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. 
(Hill Valley) 
(Marty wanders around and spots another Election Van driving around.) 
Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... 
(A man throws a newspaper away and Marty picks it up and sees the date as November 5th, 1955.) 
This has gotta be a dream. 
(He spots a coffee shop and goes in.) 
(Coffee Shop) 
Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? 
What? 
What's with the life preserver? 
(Marty looks down at his jacket vest.) 
I just wanna use the phone. 
Yeah, it's in the back. 
(goes and looks through the white pages in the phone book) Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. (He tries calling but there's no answer. So he goes over to the bar.) Do you know where 1640 Riverside…
Are you gonna order something, kid? 
Yeah, gimme a Tab. 
Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. 
Right, gimme a Pepsi free. 
You wanna a Pepsi, pal, you're gonna pay for it. 
Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? 
Without any sugar. 
(He gives Marty a cup of coffee and takes the money. Suddenly a younger Biff Tannen walks in.) 
Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. 
(Marty turns, thinking they're talking to him.) 
Biff. 
(Biff ignores Marty and continues talking to the guy next to him.) 
Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. 
(Marty looks over and there sits his father.) 
Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? 
Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? 
Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday…
Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? 
Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. 
Uh, no, no, no, no. (Notices that Marty is watching them.) What are you looking at, butt-head? 
Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. 
Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? 
Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. 
Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. 
Okay. 
I don't wanna see you in here again. 
Yeah, alright, bye-bye. (goes back to eating his cereal, but sees Marty still watching him.) What? 
You're George McFly. 
Yeah, who are you? 
Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? 
Well, they're bigger than me. 
Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? 
Watch it, Goldie. 
No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. 
That's right, he's gonna be mayor. 
Yeah, I'm…mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. 
A colored mayor, that'll be the day. 
You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. 
Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. 
Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. 
(Marty smiles at that, and turns back to talk to George, but he's gone. He looks outside and sees George riding off on his bike, and he runs outside.) 
Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. 
(Street) 
(Marty spots his dad's bike leaning up against a tree, and looks up to see his father in the tree looking through a pair of binoculars. He looks to see what his father is looking at and sees a half-undressed girl through a bedroom window.) 
He's a peeping tom. (George falls out of the tree and is about to be hit by an oncoming car.) Dad! (Marty shoves him out of the way and gets hit by the car himself.) 
(to George) Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? (George grabs his bike and rides off.) Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. 
(Bedroom) 
(Marty jerks awake. He's in a bed in a darkened room. He hears someone moving around.) 
Mom, is that you? 
There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. 
I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. 
Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. 
1955? (he jerks up in bed just as Loraine turns on the light.) You're my mo…you're my mo….
My name's Lorraine. Lorraine Baines. 
(She sits down on the opposite bed.) 
Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. 
Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. 
Ah, where're my pants? 
(points) Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. 
Calvin. Why do you keep calling me Calvin? 
Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? 
Actually, people call me Marty. 
Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. (she gets up and goes to sit next to him) Do you mind if I sit here? 
No, fine, no , good, fine, good. 
That's a big bruise you have there. 
Ah. (he backs away from her touch and falls off the bed.) 
(Lorraine's mother calls out from downstairs.) 
Loraine, are you up there? 
God, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. 
(She throws his pants to him, and he catches them dropping the blanket in the process. She grins at him before ducking out of the room.) 
(Downstairs) 
(A few minutes later Marty is walking down the stairs with Lorraine and her mother.) 
So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? 
Excuse me. 
Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. 
Uh, coast guard. 
Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. 
What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. 
Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. 
(Marty leans down to talk to Joey.) 
So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. 
Yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. 
Well, uh, listen, uh, I really…
(jerks Marty down into the chair next to her.) Sit here, Marty. 
Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. 
(Sam pulls the TV into the doorway of the dining room.) 
Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. 
Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? 
Well yeah, you know we have two of them. 
Wow, you must be rich. 
Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. 
Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. 
What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. 
Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. 
What's a rerun? 
You'll find out. 
You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? 
(glances at Lorraine) Yeah, I think maybe you do. 
Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. 
You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. 
Oh. 
Yet. 
Oh. 
Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? 
It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. 
A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. 
Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? 
Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughtta spend the night? After all, Dad almost killed him with the car. 
That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. 
Well gee, I don't know. 
And he could sleep in my room. (she grabs Marty's thigh under the table.) 
(jumps up) I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. (leaves) 
He's a very strange young man. 
He's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. 
(Doc's House) 
(Instead of living in his small workshop, Doc now lives in a very large house. Marty knocks on the door. As he turns his back, waiting for Doc to answer the door, the door opens a crack and Doc peaks out. When Marty turns Doc slams the door shut.) 
Doc? 
(Doc opens the door fully now. He's got some strange contraption on his head. He pulls Marty into the living room.) 
Don't say a word. 
Doc. 
I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything, anything about you. 
Listen, Doc. 
Quiet. 
Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. 
Don't tell me anything. 
(Doc puts a suction cup on Marty's forehead.) 
Doc, you gotta help…
Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? 
Yeah, exactly. 
Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? 
No. 
Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? 
(he pulls the suction cup off his forehead) Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. 
(grabs Marty's shoulders) My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. (takes off the contraption.) 
Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. 
Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. 
Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. 
(Doc takes the picture with a pair of tongs and looks at it.) 
Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. 
(He tosses the photo back at Marty.) 
I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. 
So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? 
Ronald Reagan. 
Ronald Reagan? The actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? (he grabs some papers and runs outside towards his workshop) I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. 
Whoa, wait, Doc. 
And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. 
Look, you gotta listen to me. 
I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. (he slams the workshop door in Marty's face.) 
No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. You were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. 
(Doc swings the door open and looks at Marty with astonishment.) 
(Workshop) 
(Marty is rewinding the video he shot of the time travel test with 1985 Doc.) 
Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. 
After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. (He holds up a crude drawing of the flux capacitor.) 
Flux capacitor. 
It works, (laughs), it works. I finally invent something that works. 
Bet your ass it works. 
Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. 
Okay Doc, this is it. 
(1985 Doc pops up on the screen.) 
Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind…
Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. 
Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of…
Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? 
Well, this is a radiation suit. 
Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. 
whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. 
No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity…
What did I just say? 
(Marty rewinds the tape and plays it again.) 
No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. 
One point twenty-one gigawatts! One point twenty-one gigawatts! Great Scott. (runs out of the workshop.) 
(calling after him) What the hell is a gigawatt? 
(House) 
(Doc is now sitting in an armchair.) 
How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. (he picks up a photo and starts talking to it.) Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. 
(Marty comes in.) 
Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. 
I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. 
Whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. 
Is she pretty? 
Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. (shows Doc what Jennifer wrote on the back of the Clock Tower flier.) That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. 
Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. 
What did you say? 
A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. 
We do now. 
(He holds out the flier and Doc takes it and reads it.) 
This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. 
Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. 
Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? 
Yeah, sure, okay. 
Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? 
(guiltily) Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. 
Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. (Marty gives it to him) Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. 
His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. 
Erased from existence. 
(School) 
(Marty and Doc walk up to the school.) 
Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. 
Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. 
This sounds pretty heavy. 
Weight has nothing to do with it. 
(Hallway) 
Which one's your pop? 
That's him. 
(Marty points out George who's walking down the hall. He has a 'kick me' sign on his back and guys keep going by and kicking him in the butt.) 
Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. 
Maybe you were adopted. 
Okay, real mature guys. (He drops his books.) Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? 
McFly. 
That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? 
Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? 
No. 
What did your mother ever see in that kid? 
I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car…(pause)…hit me with the car. 
That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. 
(Marty walks over to George.) 
Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. 
Yeah. 
Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. (he takes George over to where Lorraine is at her locker.) Lorraine. 
(surprised) Calvin. 
I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. 
(tries to make a move on her) Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. 
(to Marty) How's your head? 
Well uh, good, fine. 
Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? (the bell rings) I'm sorry I have to go. (to her friends as she passes by Doc) Isn't he a dream boat? 
Doc, she didn't even look at him. 
This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. 
Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? 
Precisely. 
Whoa, this is heavy. 
There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? 
What? 
The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social…
What, well you mean like a date? 
Right. 
What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? 
Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are there common interests? What do they like to do together? 
Nothing. 
Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. 
Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. 
Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. 
(Lunchroom) 
(Marty sits down across from George at a table. George is writing in a notebook.) 
George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Loraine. What are you writing? 
Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. 
Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. (he reaches for the notebook, but George jerks it back.) 
Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. 
Why not? 
Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. 
(thinks about his band audition) Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Loraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. 
Really. 
Oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. 
What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What is she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. 
Who? 
(points over at Lorraine's table.) Biff. 
(Biff is sitting at Lorraine's table, and he's trying to grope her.) 
C'mon, c'mon. 
Leave me alone. 
You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. 
(she slaps him) Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. 
Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. 
Get your meat hooks off of me. 
You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, (Biff stands up and he's at least a foot taller than Marty) uh please. 
So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a… (spots Strickland over Marty's shoulder) since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. 
(Street) 
(George is walking home and Marty catches up to him.) 
George. 
Why do you keep following me around? 
Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. 
But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. 
Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. 
Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. 
(He runs inside his house and shuts the door behind him.) 
(to himself) Science Fiction Theater. 
(George's Room - Night) 
(Marty arrives in his radiation suit and helmet. He places headphones on George's head as he sleeps, and then pops a Van Halen tape into the walkman and presses play. George wakes up with a jerk, holding his head.) 
Who are you? 
(Marty presses play again and George falls silent.) 
Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. 
(George turns and looks at the cover of a book that's by his head, and the alien looks almost exactly like Marty does in his radiation suit.) 
(Gas Station - Day) 
(Marty is trying to open up a bottle of Coke. George runs up. He's very disheveled.) 
Marty. Marty. Marty. 
Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? 
I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Loraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. 
Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the café. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? 
(George takes the bottle of Coke and opens it for Marty. They begin walking over to the Café.) 
Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. 
Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? 
Oh, yeah, yeah. 
Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. 
Okay, but I don't know what to say. 
Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. 
Nothing's coming to my mind. 
Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. 
What, what? 
Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, (George takes out a pad of paper and begins to write this all down.)…tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? 
I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. 
Yeah okay. 
Oh. 
Let's go. 
Oh. 
(Coffee Shop) 
(They enter the coffee shop.) 
Will you take care of that? 
Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. (he takes a drink and then goes over to Lorraine's table.) Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. 
What? 
Oh, what I meant to day was…
Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? 
Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and you're my density. I mean, I'm your destiny. 
Oh. 
(Biff and his friends walk in.) 
Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? 
Well, Biff. 
Alright, punk, now…
Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? 
(Marty runs out.) 
That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. 
(Outside) 
(Marty runs over to a kid who's on a scooter.) 
Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. 
Hey. 
I'll get it back to you, alright? 
(Marty breaks off the top part of the scooter, leaving a 1955 version of a skateboard. He takes off on it.) 
You broke it. Wow, look at him go. 
Let's get him. 
What's that thing he's on? 
It's a board with wheels. 
He's an absolute dream. 
(Biff and his friends hop into Biff's car and take off after Marty. They manage to catch up to him. He's on his board right in front of their car. He holds on to the hood since he can't get away.) 
Ah. Whoa. 
(Biff spots a manure truck and heads straight for it.) 
I'm gonna ram him. 
(Marty manages to get out of the way, and Biff heads straight for the manure truck.) 
Shit. 
(They hit the truck and it dumps a load of manure into the car and onto them. Marty walks over to the kid he borrowed the 'skateboard' from and gives it back to him.) 
Thanks a lot, kid. 
I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. 
(Everyone is standing outside of the Coffee Shop talking about what just happened.) 
Where does he come from? 
Yeah, where does he live? 
I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. 
(Doc's Workshop) 
(Doc is watching the video of 1985 Doc. Marty walks in and sees him.) 
My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. 
Doc. 
Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. 
Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. 
Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. 
You don't understand. 
I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. 
You're…you're right. 
Let me show you my plan for sending you home. (Walks over to a very nice model of the town of Hill Valley.) Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. 
Its good. 
Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the Clock Tower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at 10:04 PM lightning will strike the Clock Tower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. (Marty releases the car. It races down the main street in the model. When it hits the 'wire' Doc has hooked up it accelerates. It flies off the table in flames and lands in a pile of rags, setting them on fire.) Huhh. (Doc quickly races to put the fire out.) 
You instill me with a lot of confidence, Doc. 
Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your Pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? 
Uh, I think so. 
What did she say? 
(There's a knock at the door before Marty can answer. Doc goes to see who it is.) 
It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. 
(They cover the Delorean with a sheet and Doc opens the door. Lorraine walks in a little nervously until she spots Marty.) 
Hi, Marty. 
Uh, Loraine. How did you know I was here? 
I followed you. 
Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. 
Hi. 
Hello. 
Marty, this may seem a little forward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. 
Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? 
No, not yet. 
What about George? 
George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? 
Yeah. 
(Saturday Morning) 
(George's Backyard) 
(George is hanging up laundry.) 
I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. 
Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. 
Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. 
Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. 
I'm gonna be at the dance. 
Right, and where am I gonna be? 
You're gonna be in the car with her. 
Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. 
Why is she gonna get angry with you? 
Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. 
Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her…
No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say…(pause while he waits for George to say something) …your line, George. 
Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. (pause) Do you really think I oughta swear? 
Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Loraine live happily ever after. 
Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. 
George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self-confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. 
(Saturday Night) 
(Main Street) 
(Doc and Marty are setting up the Delorean for the trip back to 1985.) 
This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. 
Are you sure about this storm? 
When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. 
You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. 
I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future…
No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. 
(Coffee Shop) 
(Marty is writing Doc a letter.) 
Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. 
(Main Street) 
Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? 
Oh, just a little weather experiment. 
What you got under here? 
Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. 
You got a permit for that? 
Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. 
(While Doc isn't looking Marty slips the letter into the pocket of his jacket, then he leaves to pick up Lorraine.) 
(School Parking Lot) 
(Marty and Lorraine arrive at the dance. Marty's very nervous.) 
Do you mind if we park for a while? 
That's a great idea. I'd love to park. 
Huh? 
Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. 
(shocked) What? 
(takes her jacket off, and her dress shows a bit of cleavage) Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? 
(looks away) No no. (looks back to see Lorraine take a drink of alcohol from a flask she had in her purse.) Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? 
I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. 
Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. 
Why not? 
Because, you might regret it later in life. 
Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. 
(He goes to take a drink but spits it out when she lights a cigarette.) 
Jesus, you smoke too? 
Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. 
(The Dance) 
(George is off to the side dancing by himself.) 
We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. 
(The Parking Lot) 
Marty, why are you so nervous? 
Loraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? 
Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. 
Ah well, sort of. 
I think I know exactly what you mean. 
You do? 
You know what I do in those situations? 
What? 
I don't worry. (she leans over and kisses him, then leans back with a weird look on her face.) This is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? 
Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. 
Someone's coming. 
(Marty thinks it's George, but is surprised when the car door is jerked open and Biff drags him out of the car.) 
You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. 
Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. 
Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. 
Stop it. 
C'mon. 
Stop it. 
C'mon. 
Leave her alone, you bastard. 
You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. 
(The guys drag Marty off.) 
(Back of the Auditorium) 
(Biff's guys run up and dump Marty in the trunk of a car.) 
Let's put him in there. 
Yeah. 
That's for messing up my hair. 
(They slam the trunk shut and one of the band members gets out of the car.) 
What the hell you doing to my car? 
Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. 
Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. 
Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? (they run off) 
(in the trunk) C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. 
Lorenzo, where're you keys? 
The keys are in the trunk. 
Say that again. 
I said the keys are in here. 
(Parking Lot) 
(George runs out to the car where Loraine is and jerks the car door open.) 
Hey you, get your damn hands off…(sees that it's BifF) oh. 
I think you got the wrong car, McFly. 
George, help me, please. 
Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. 
No, Biff, you leave her alone. 
Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. 
(Biff grabs George's arm and twists it.) 
Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. 
(Back of the Auditorium) 
Give me a hand, Lorenzo. (Pops the trunk open) Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. 
(Marty quickly climbs out.) 
Who's are these? (tosses the keys to one of the guys) 
Thanks, thanks a lot. 
(Parking Lot) 
You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. 
(Biff shoves her down, and George watches in horror. George then doubles up his fist when Biff isn't looking and when Biff looks back George decks him. Biff falls down and is out cold. George can't believe what he did. Then he holds out a hand to Loraine.) 
Are you okay? 
(Lorraine takes his hand and he helps her up. They walk off into the dance.) 
Who is that guy. 
That's George McFly. 
That's George McFly? 
Excuse me. 
(Main Street) 
(The wind picks up and thunder rolls.) 
The storm. 
(Back of the Auditorium) 
(The guys from the band are still outside trying to figure out what to do since Marvin's hand is busted up.) 
Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. 
Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. 
Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. 
Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. 
(The Dance) 
(Marty is up on stage with the Band playing the guitar. They're playing 'Earth Angel'.) 
This is for all you lovers out there. 
George, aren't you gonna kiss me? 
I, I don't know. 
(This kid cuts in on George and Loraine. Marty begins to disappear.) 
Scram, McFly. 
(to Marty) Hey boy, are you alright? 
I can't play. 
George. George. 
George. 
(to kid) Excuse me. (he shoves the kid out of the way and kisses Loraine.) 
(Marty comes back and both his brother and sister show up in the picture again.) 
Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. 
Uh, well, I gotta go. 
C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. 
Something that really cooks. (to audience) Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. (to band) Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. (they begin to play 'Johnny Be Good') 
Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. 
George you ever think of running for class president? 
(Marvin goes backstage and makes a phone call.) 
(into phone) John, John, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Barry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. 
(Marty finishes the song with a wild guitar solo. Everyone stops dancing and stares at him.) 
I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. 
(Side Door) 
Lorraine. 
Marty, that was very interesting music. 
Uh, yeah. 
I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. 
Great good, good, Loraine, I had a feeling about you two. 
I have a feeling too. 
Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. 
Marty, will we ever see you again? 
I guarantee it. 
Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advise, I'll never forget it. 
Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids (Lorraine blushes) and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. 
Okay. 
(Marty leaves) 
Marty, such a nice name. 
(Main Street) 
Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. (Marty shows up.) You're late, do you have no concept of time? 
Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. 
What? 
He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. 
Never? 
No, why, what's a matter? 
Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. 
Right. 
Well, I guess that's everything. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. In about thirty years. 
I hope so. 
Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. 
Right. 
(Doc puts his hands in his pockets. He feels the letter and pulls it out. He looks at it then holds it out to Marty.) 
What's the meaning of this. 
You'll find out in thirty years. 
It's about the future, isn't it? 
Wait a minute. 
It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. 
Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. 
No, I refuse to except the responsibility. 
(Doc rips up the letter.) 
In that case, I'll tell you strait out. 
(But before Marty can tell Doc what's going to happen in the future lightening strikes a tree and a limb falls down and unplugs the cable that runs from the clock tower to the cable in the middle of the street.) 
Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. 
Right, I got it. 
Ahh. 
Doc. 
(Doc climbs up to the top of the Clock Tower so they can fix the cable.) 
C'mon, c'mon let's go. 
(ties the rope to the cable) Alright, take it up, go. Doc. 
(Doc lifts the cable up. Since Doc is at the top of the Clock Tower he can't hear what Marty is saying.) 
Huh? 
I have to tell you about the future. 
Huh? 
I have to tell you about the future. 
(Doc almost falls off the Clock Tower.) 
Ahh. 
On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. 
Ohh, no. 
No, Doc. 
Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. 
Yeah. 
(Down the Street) 
(Marty reaches the white line, and stops the car. He hops out and attaches the hook to the back of the car and then climbs back into the Delorean.) 
Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. (the car dies) No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. (the car starts. The alarm goes off and Marty floors it.) 
(Main Street) 
(Doc just manages to get the cables hooked up correctly as the Delorean comes rushing down the street. Just as he gets the cables together the lightening strikes and passes through the cable and he's thrown back.) 
Ahh. 
(In the Delorean) 
Doc. 
(Main Street) 
(Marty hits 88 MPH and disappears into the future.) 
Yeah!! 
(Main Street - 1985) 
Crazy drunk drivers. 
Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. (the car has died again) No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. 
(Marty takes off running and reaches the Mall just as his other self sees Doc get shot.) 
No, bastards. 
(The other Marty jumps into the Delorean and takes off.) 
Go. 
(Our Marty watches as the Delorean hits 88 MPH and takes off into the past. He runs over to Doc who is laying, unmoving, on the ground.) 
Doc, Doc. Oh, no. (The Doc sits up behind him. Marty turns and sees that Doc is alive.) You're alive. (Doc pulls down zipper on his jump suit to reveal a bullet proof vest.) Bullet proof vest? How did you know? (Doc pulls out the letter that has been taped back together.) I never got a chance to tell you. What about all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum? 
Well, I figured, what the hell. 
(Marty's House) 
(Doc has dropped Marty off.) 
About how far ahead are you going? 
About 30 years, it's a nice round number. 
Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. 
I will. 
Take care. 
You too. 
Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. 
You bet. 
(Doc drives off and Marty heads inside his house.) 
(The Next Day) 
(Marty wakes up in his bed.) 
What a nightmare. 
(He gets up and walks into the living room and does a double take. Everything has completely changed. Everything is now upscale. Linda and David are both dressed for work. They're wearing suits.) 
Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. 
Linda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. 
Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? 
I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. 
What the hell is this? 
Breakfast. 
What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. 
Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. 
Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? 
Yeah. 
(Lorraine and George walk in the back door. Lorraine is skinny and they both look great.) 
I think we need a rematch. 
Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? 
No. 
Hello. 
Good morning. 
Mom, Dad. (he falls over) 
Marty, are you alright? 
Did you hurt your head? 
(Marty gets back up.) 
You guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. 
Why thank you, Marty. (George walks around her and as he does he pats her on the bottom.) George. Good morning, sleepyhead. Good morning, Dave, Linda. 
Good morning, Mom. 
Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. 
Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? 
What, what, ma? 
Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. 
Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. 
Wrecked? 
Wrecked? When did this happen? 
Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. 
Why am I always the last one to know about these things? 
(George goes over and opens the front door to reveal Biff waxing the undamaged car.) 
See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. 
Just finishing up the second coat now. 
Now Biff, don't con me. 
I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. 
That Biff, what a character. (goes back inside) Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him…
We never would have fallen in love. 
That's right. 
(Suddenly Biff runs in carrying a box.) 
Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. 
Ah, honey, your first novel. 
Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. 
Oh, oh Marty, here's you keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. 
Keys? 
(Garage) 
(Marty walks out to the garage. He finds a brand new black four by four. Just like the one he was admiring a few days ago. Jennifer walks up.) 
How about a ride, Mister? 
Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. 
Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. 
I haven't. 
You okay, is everything alright? 
Aw yeah, everything is great. 
(Suddenly there is a flash of light and Doc pulls into the driveway in the Delorean. He hops out and runs over to Marty.) 
Marty you gotta come back with me. 
Where? 
Back to the future. 
(Doc goes over to the garbage can and starts digging through it.) 
Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? 
(Doc holds up some trash.) 
I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. 
(He begins dumping the trash into Mr. Fusion.) 
No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. 
Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. 
Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? 
No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. 
(They all climb into the car. And Doc backs up into the street.) 
Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. 
Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. 
(Doc pulls his sunglasses down and hits a button. Suddenly the car is airborne. They take off into the future.) 
(Hill Valley – 1985) 
(We pick up where Part 1, left off. Marty opens the garage and inside is the Toyota truck he admired earlier. Marty walks up to it and looks inside. He slaps the door of the truck. Jennifer walks up behind him.) 
How about a ride, Mister? 
(walks over to her) Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. 
Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. 
I haven't. 
You OK, is everything all right? 
(Marty looks at the front door of the house where George and Lorraine are smiling as they watch him and Jennifer. Then they turn and go inside the house.) 
Aw yeah, everything is great. 
(Marty leans in to kiss Jennifer when three sonic booms are heard. They look up and the DeLorean comes flying up the driveway. It knocks over a few trash cans in the process. Doc gets out of the car wearing futuristic clothing.) 
Marty, you gotta come back with me! 
Where? 
Back to the future. 
(Doc goes over to the trash can, and picks out some trash.) 
Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? 
(dumping the trash into Mr. Fusion) I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. 
No, no, no, Doc, I just got here, OK, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. 
Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. 
Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? 
No, no, no, no, no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids! 
(The DeLorean) 
(Inside Marty and Jennifer are seated in the passenger seat while Doc is driving.) 
Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. 
Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. 
(Doc pulls down his glasses.) 
(McFly Residence) 
(Biff comes out the door.) 
Hey Marty, Marty, I wanna show you these new matchbooks for my auto detailing I had printed up... (he sees the DeLorean begin to fly off.) A flying DeLorean? 
(The DeLorean flies off down the street, turns around, and heads towards the camera before disappearing into the future, leaving trails of fire behind in the sky.) 
What the hell is going on here? 
(Hill Valley – 2015) 
(Three sonic booms are heard and then the DeLorean arrives in the future right in the middle of a skyway. Marty and Jennifer scream as the DeLorean almost collides with a Taxi.) 
What the hell was that? 
Taxi-cab. 
What do you mean, a taxi cab? I thought we were flying. 
We are. 
Alright Doc, what's going on, huh? Where are we? When are we? 
(Doc lifts up his glasses and looks at the time display.) 
We are descending towards Hill Valley, California, at 4.29pm, on Wednesday, October 21st, 2015. 
2015? You mean we're in the future? 
Future, Marty? What do you mean? How can we be in the future? 
Uh Jennifer, I don't know how to tell you this, but...you're in a time machine. 
And this is the year 2015? 
October 21st 2015. 
God, so like you weren't kidding! Marty, we can actually see our futures! (to Doc) Doc, you said we were married, right? 
Uhhh... (he gives her a half-hearted smile) 
Yeah, was it a big wedding? (to Marty) Marty, we'll be able to see our wedding! 
Wow. 
I'll be able to see my wedding dress. 
Wow. 
I wonder where we live, I bet its a big house, with lots of kids. How many kids... 
(Doc gets out a gadget and shines it on Jennifer. She falls back, unconscious.) 
Doc, what the hell are you doing? 
Relax Marty, it's a sleep-induced alpha-rhythm generator. She was asking too many questions and no-one should know too much about their future. 
Then what did you bring her for? 
I had to do something! She saw the time machine, I couldn't just leave her there with that information. Don't worry, she's not essential to my plan. 
You're the Doc, Doc. 
Here's our exit. 
(The DeLorean exits the skyway. A sign in the background says “London" and underneath "Hill Valley exit next right.” After leaving the skyway it passes a floating sign, “Welcome to Hill Valley. Mayor Goldie Wilson II. A nice place to live. Please fly carefully.” The DeLorean descends down into Hill Valley.) 
(Alley) 
(The DeLorean lands. Laser discs and a “Fusion Industries” generator are in the background. Doc opens the DeLorean doors.) 
First you gotta get out and change clothes. 
Right now? It's pouring rain. 
(looks at his watch) Wait five more seconds. (Exactly five seconds later the rain stops.) Right on the tick. Amazing. Absolutely amazing. Too bad the post office isn't as efficient as the weather service. (Marty and Doc get out of the car. Doc stands up and begins to pull off a rubber mask.) Excuse the disguise, Marty, but I was afraid you wouldn't recognize me. I went to a rejuvenation clinic and got an all-natural overhaul. They took out some wrinkles, did a hair repair, changed the blood - added a good thirty or forty years to my life. They also replaced my spleen and colon. What do you think? (He models his new face.) 
You look great, Doc. (looks around, and mutters to himself.) The future...unbelievable...(to Doc) I gotta check this out Doc. 
All in good time Marty, we're on a tight schedule here. 
Tell me about my future. I mean, I know I make it big, but what do I become like a rich rock star or something? 
Please Marty, no-one should know too much about their own destiny. 
Right, right...I am rich though? 
(Doc gets a bag out of the DeLorean.) 
Marty, please, take off your shirt. (Marty does so.) Put on the jacket and shoes. (Doc goes into the car and gets out a pair of futuristic binoculars.) We've got a mission to accomplish! (He runs to the end of the alleyway and uses this gadget. Cut to a street. Doc looks at a woman walking down it, then Marty McFly Jr. walks past her. Doc uses the gadget to watch Marty Junior, who looks almost like his father aged 17 (ie 1985 Marty) walk into a futuristic 'phone box.) Precisely on schedule. 
(Cut back to Marty.) 
(Marty gets the shoes out of the bag and puts the right one on. It automatically laces itself up.) 
Power laces, all right! (He puts on the left shoe and it does the same thing. He then gets the jacket out of the bag and puts it on, but it’s too big. Doc comes running back towards Marty.) This thing doesn't fit. 
(Doc presses a button. The jacket modifies so it fits Marty.) 
(v.o) Size adjusting, fits. 
Pull out your pants pockets. All kids in the future wear their pants inside out. (Marty does so. Doc goes back into the bag and pulls out a cap.) Put this on. (He puts it on Marty's head.) Perfect, you're the spitting image of your future son. 
What? 
Help me move Jennifer over here! 
(Marty and Doc lift Jennifer out of the DeLorean.) 
So what's the deal? 
Grab her feet. 
(Marty does, and they put Jennifer down by the discarded laser discs.) 
OK, now what? 
In exactly 2 minutes, you go round the corner into the Café 80's. 
Cafe 80's? 
One of those nostalgia places, but not done very well. Go in and order a Pepsi. Here's a 50. And wait for a guy named Griff. 
Right, Griff. 
Griff's going to ask you about tonight. Are you in or out? Tell him you are out! Whatever he says, whatever happens, say no, you're not interested. 
OK. 
Then leave, come back here and wait for me. Don't talk to anyone, don't touch anything, don't do anything, don't interact with anyone and try not to look at anything. 
I don't get it, I thought you said this had something to do with my kids? 
(gets out a newspaper) Look what happens to your son! 
(He gives Marty the paper - USA Today Hill Valley Edition. The headline reads Youth Jailed For Attempted Robbery.) 
My son? (He looks at the picture) God, he looks just like me. (reading from the paper) “Within two hours of his arrest, Martin McFly Junior was tried, convicted and sentenced to fifteen years in the State Penitentiary.” (to Doc) Within two hours? 
The justice system works swiftly in the future, now that they've abolished all lawyers. 
This is heavy. 
Oh, it gets worse! Next week your daughter attempts to break him out of jail and she gets set up for 20 years! 
My daughter? Wait a minute, I have a daughter? 
You see, this one event starts a chain reaction which completely destroys your entire family. 
(Marty looks at the paper again.) 
Hey Doc, this date...wait, this is tomorrow's newspaper! 
Precisely! I already went further ahead into time to see what else happens. I backtracked everything to this one event, that's why we're here today to prevent this incident from ever happening. (His watch beeps.) Damn, I'm late! 
Wait a minute, where are you going now? 
To intercept the real Marty Junior, you're taking his place. Round the corner at the Café 80's, guy named Griff, just say no! 
Hey, what about Jennifer? We're not just gonna leave her here? 
Don't worry, she'll be safe, it'll just be for a few minutes. (Marty starts to walk off towards Café 80’s) Marty, be careful around that Griff character. (Doc puts his finger up to his head and makes a "he's loopy" sign as he says this.) He's got a few short circuits in his bionic implants. 
(Courthouse Square) 
(Marty walks out of the alley and looks around.) 
The future. 
(The Courthouse is still there, only now it’s the Courthouse Mall. The clock in the Clock Tower still says 10:04. Marty looks around and sees that the road has a “No Landing” painted on it. There are cars flying all around and Marty can see the skyway from where he stands. Looking up at the Courthouse, he sees that instead of a car park, the central area of the Square now has a nice pond and tropical plants. Marty turns to look behind him and we see that the Texaco station has also changed. It’s now 2 levels. One for hover-converted cars, and one for ground cars.) 
Welcome to Texaco. You can trust your car with the system with the star. Checking oil, checking landing gear... 
(Marty looks over and sees that the movie theater is now a Holomax, and Jaws 19 is showing. Marty looks the other way and a holographic shark comes out of the Holomax sign, creeping towards him. It’s just about to ‘eat’ him when Marty turns around and sees it. Marty covers his head and ducks a bit.) 
Argh!!! 
(The shark then disappears. Marty straightens up and sees people giving him some strange looks.) 
(to himself) Shark still looks fake. 
(A holo-billboard in the background “starts”.) 
Hi friends, Goldie Wilson III here for Wilson's hover-conversion systems.. You know, when my grandpa was mayor of Hill Valley, he had to worry about traffic problems. But now, you don't have to worry about traffic! I'll hover-convert your old road car into a skyway flyer. For only $39,999.95. So come on down and see me, Goldie Wilson III, at any one of our 29 convenient locations. Remember, keep 'em flying. 
(Blast from the Past) 
(Marty walks over to the Antique store and looks in the window. Inside are ‘Grey’s Sports Almanac 1950-2000, a JAWS Nintendo game, a Roger Rabbit doll, a lava lamp, a Dustbuster, a walkman, Animal House & Dragnet videos, and Marty’s shirt and jacket from Part I.) 
(Café 80’s) 
(Marty walks in and we see that this is where Lou’s Café was in 1955. ‘Beat It’ by Michael Jackson is playing in the background. The layout of the café is still basically the same as it was in 1955. Behind the counter are several TV’s playing shows of the 1980’s such as Family Ties, Dallas, Cheers, The Smurfs, and Taxi. Biff, now an old man, is seen in the background. Neither he nor Marty see each other. The café is decorated with various 80’s style decorations. Two people are riding on exercise bikes. Instead of waiters, there are video waiters. One of them, who looks like Michael Jackson, is talking to a women who is sitting at the counter.) 
"Michael Jackson"…it's got a hot salsa, avocados, some natural mixture with your choice of beans, chicken, b..b..beef or pork..... 
(Marty stands in the doorway looking a little confused.) 
Waiter? (A video waiter comes up to him.) Waiter? 
(Suddenly another video waiter, who looks like Ronald Reagan, comes up to Marty.) 
"Ronald Reagan"Welcome to the Café 80's, where it's always morning in America, even in the aftern..n..noon. Our special today is mesquite-grilled sushi, Cajun style…
(The screen is "interrupted" by another video waiter on the same video. This one looks like the Ayatollah Khomeini.) 
"Ayatollah Khomeini"You must try the hot Satan special! 
(The two waiters begin arguing amongst themselves.) 
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! (The video waiters shut up.) All I want is a Pepsi. 
(A Pepsi in a futuristic bottle appears out of the counter. Marty picks it up and looks at it.) 
Hey McFly! (Marty turns to Biff.) Yeah, I seen you around. You're Marty McFly's kid, aren't you? 
Biff? 
You're Marty Jr! Tough break kid, must be rough being named after a complete butthead. 
What's that supposed to mean? 
Hello, hello, anybody home? Huh? (He taps Marty on the head with his cane.) Think McFly, think. Your old man, is still a loser? 
What? 
That's right. Loser with a capital L. 
Look, I happen to know that George McFly is not a loser. 
No, I'm not talking about George McFly. I'm talking about his kid. (In the background, a car lands outside the Cafe.) Your old man, Marty McFly Senior, the man who took his life and flushed it completely down the toilet. 
I did? (covering) Uh, I mean, I mean he did? 
(The cafe doors open and Griff enters. Griff is Biff's grandson, and he's even meaner than Biff was in 1955. Griff is wearing tough-guy clothes and a grey, metallic hat.) 
Hey Gramps, I told you 2 coats of wax on my car, not just 1. 
(gets up) Hey, hey, I just put the 2nd coat on last week. 
Yeah, with your eyes closed? 
Are you two related? 
Hello, hello, anybody home? (Marty tries to avoid Biff's cane.) What'd you think, Griff just calls me grandpa for his health? 
(worried) He's Griff? 
Gramps, what the hell am I paying you for? 
Hey kid, say hello to your grandma for me. 
(Griff pulls Biff out of the cafe.) 
Get out of there Gramps! 
(o.s) Hey, take it easy! 
(Griff comes back in.) 
Hey McFly, don't go anywhere, you're next! 
(Griff leaves. Marty looks around the Cafe again and sees ‘Wild Gunman’, a video game. Two boys are next to it.) 
Look, a video game! I got it working. 
My dad told me about these. 
It is Wild Gunman. (He walks over to the game.) 
How do you play this thing? 
Let me show you kid. (He takes his hat off and throws it on top of the game.) I'm a crack shot at this. 
(Marty fires at the game and sure enough, he's a crack shot. The words "Crack Shot" appear on the screen.) 
(surprised) You mean you have to use your hands? 
That's like a baby's toy! 
(They leave.) 
(puzzled) Baby's toy? 
(Unseen by Marty, Marty Jr. walks along the sidewalk to the Cafe and can be seen from the window. He walks past Griff's car, which Biff is cleaning, and Griff notices him. Griff walks towards the door. Marty Jr. enters.) 
Marty Jr.Pepsi perfect. 
Damn! 
Marty Jr.Pespi. 
(Marty hides behind the counter. Griff enters the Cafe. This time he's accompanied by his gang of 3 - Data, who has face paints on, Spike, the female, and Whitey.) 
Hey McFly, I thought I told you to stay in here. 
Marty Jr.Griff, guys. (His auto-fit on his jacket is broken, so he pushes his jacket up his arm.) How's it going? 
McFly! 
Marty Jr.Yeah? 
(During the following we see Marty crawling behind the counter.) 
McFly! 
Marty Jr.What? 
Your shoes' unbelted. (Marty Jr. looks. Griff pushes him and the gang laugh. Griff then pulls Marty Junior up.) So McFly, have you made a decision about tonight's opportunity? 
Marty Jr.Um, yeah Griff, you know, I was thinking about it and I'm not sure it's a good idea because I just think it might just be a little bit dangerous. 
(Spike feels Marty Jr.'s face with her finger. Marty Jr. groans a bit.) 
What's wrong McFly? You got no scrote? (She moves her hand so it digs into Marty Junior's “private area”.) 
Marty Jr.Ooh! 
(He falls on the counter, and Griff's gang laugh. Marty is visible in this shot, although no-one sees him.) 
(horrified) He's a complete wimp! 
(Marty Jr. gets up.) 
So what's it going to be McFly, are you in, or out? 
Marty Jr.Um, I just, um, I'm not sure that I should, you know, because I think that I should discuss this with my father. 
Griff/Data/Whitey/Your father? 
Wrong answer McFly! 
(Griff throws Marty Jr. over the counter.) 
Marty Jr.OK Griff, I'll do it, I'll do it buddy, whatever you say. 
(Marty Jr. falls unconscious. Marty looks at his son.) 
Stay down and shut up! 
(Griff is being watched by everyone in the Cafe. He turns to the two cyclists, who have stopped.) 
Keep pedalling, you two! (Marty grabs his son's hat and puts it on. He then stands up and hops over the counter. Griff looks a bit surprised.) Now let's hear the right answer. (Marty pushes Griff.) Well! Since when did you become the physical type? 
The answer's no, Griff. 
(disbelief) No? 
Yeah, what are you, deaf and stupid? I said no! 
(Marty prepares to leave.) 
What's wrong McFly, chicken? 
(Data plays a chicken sound effect. Marty freezes and turns around to face Griff.) 
What'd you call me, Griff? 
Chicken, McFly. 
(The sound effects of a chicken play again.) 
Nobody calls me....(He sees Griff's bat.) …chicken. (smiles faintly, a sort of "oops" smile) 
(Griff gets his baseball bat and charges for Marty.) 
Argh! 
(Griff misses Marty but hits the "Ronald Reagan" video waiter. Cut to behind Griff. We see him grow a bit taller - due to his bionic implants probably. We see Marty looking up to him as he grows.) 
All right, punk! 
Hey look! 
(Griff looks. Marty tries to punch him, but Griff catches Marty's fist and smiles evilly at him. Marty then kicks Griff and Griff lets go. Marty then pushes him into his gang and they all fall to the floor.) 
(Outside) 
(Marty leaves the Cafe, passing Biff cleaning Griff's car. Looking at the square, he sees two girls on scooters. Marty runs over to them.) 
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! (pause) Hey, hey, hey, hey! Stop, little girl, little girl, stop. 
(Marty lifts the girl off her scooter.) 
Hey! 
(breaks off the handlebars) Look, I need to borrow your...hoverboard? 
(Griff’s gang run out of the café.) 
Where is he? 
(Marty hands the handlebars back to the little girl.) 
Here. 
There! (points) 
(Marty puts the hoverboard down, and of course it hovers. He looks at it, and then jumps on, hovering past the Café 80's.) 
He's got a hoverboard! 
Get the boards! 
Get McFly! 
(Marty is almost getting the hang of the hoverboard - until he almost bumps into some people and rocks.) 
Argh! (he falls off the hoverboard) 
Get him! 
(The gang gets on their hoverboards. Marty gets up and sees them coming after him. He gets back on his hoverboard and hovers off once more.) 
Yeah, we got him! 
(A Jeep lands in the street. Just as it lands Marty grabs the back of the truck. Whitey tries to grab Marty but misses. Cut to Biff, watching the events.) 
There's something very familiar about all this. 
(Griff leaves the Café, fuming. Cut to Marty. He grabs a rope from the back of the truck and trails behind, as if he's water-skiing. Griff walks to his car with his bat. The truck turns the corner by the Café 80's and Marty nearly hovers into the crowd. Griff tries to hit Marty with his bat, but misses and breaks the headlight on his car.) 
Woah! (He looks out into the street and sees an oncoming car.) Argh! (He just misses the car. He hovers over the pond. With a few "jumps" he makes it almost the whole way across. He's about a metre away from the other side.) 
Hey McFly, you bojo! Those boards don't work on water. 
Unless you've got power! 
(The gang laugh. Griff turns to his car. He gets a box out of it. The gang all walk down the street and stop. Griff presses a button on the box and a Pit Bull hoverboard pops out. This board works on jet power.) 
Hook on! (The gang connect their hoverboards to Griff's. Marty is trying to move, he's pushing his foot in the water as if trying to start a skateboard.) Batter up! 
(The board blasts off. Griff and his gang are on the way! Marty tries pushing the board again, but it doesn't work. Griff is getting closer. Then, just as Griff would have got Marty, Marty jumps off the board and lands in the water. Griff's board catches on a rock and Griff and his gang all fall off. They fly through the air and smash through the front window of Courthouse Mall. Marty resurfaces.) 
Holy shit! 
(He grabs the hoverboard and gets out of the water. Cut to Biff.) 
Buttheads. 
(Marty comes out of the underground entrance of Courthouse Mall and sees the police outside the Mall. A crowd has also gathered. A button flashes on Marty's jacket and he presses it.) 
(v.o) Drying mode on. Jacket drying. (beep) Your jacket is now dry. 
(Marty walks over to the girls he borrowed the hoverboard from.) 
Hey kid, little girl, thanks. 
Keep it, I've got a Pit Bull now. 
Come on. 
(They walk off to see what's going on at the Mall. They have Griff's Pit Bull. An old man, Terry, approaches Marty.) 
Save the clock tower. (to Marty) Hey kid, thumb a hundred bucks will ya, help save the clock tower. 
I... Sorry, no. Another time. 
Come on, kid. That's an important historical landmark. Lightning struck that thing sixty years ago. 
(Where Goldie Wilson III's advert was earlier, a "Sportsflash" holo-announcement starts. It says that the Chicago Cubs beat the Miami Gators in the World Series.) 
Wait a minute...Cubs win World Series...against Miami? 
Yeah, something huh? Who would have thought? 100 to 1 shot. I wish I could go back to the beginning of the season and put some money on the Cubs. 
No, I just meant Miami.....what did you just say? 
I said I wish I could go back to the beginning of the season, put some money on the Cubbies! (Terry walks off. Marty has an idea.) 
(Blast from the Past) 
(The saleswoman takes the almanac from the window and gives it to Marty.) 
Now, this has an interesting feature, a dust jacket. Books used to have these to protect the covers, of course that was before they had dust repellent paper. And if you're interested in dust, we have a quaint little piece from the 1980's, it's called a Dustbuster. 
(Outside) 
(Marty looks at his purchase. Doc arrives in the DeLorean, hovering next to the shop.) 
Marty! 
I can't lose! 
Marty, up here! 
(Marty turns and sees Doc.) 
Doc, what's going on? 
Stand by, I'll park over there. 
(Biff leaves the Cafe 80s.) 
Yeah, all right. Hey, right on time. 
Flying DeLorean? I haven't seen one of those in (realizes) thirty years. 
(Marty Jr. leaves the Cafe - it appears he's regained consciousness. He bumps into Biff.) 
Marty Jr.Sorry, excuse me, sorry. (He goes out into the road and a car almost hits him. It beeps its horn at him.) Hey, I'm walking here, I'm walking here! 
(Biff looks at Marty Junior, then turns to Marty and Doc at the DeLorean - of course both Marty’s look alike.) 
What the hell? 
Marty Jr.Don't drive crank, low-res, scuzzball.... 
Two of them? 
(DeLorean) 
(Marty says hello to Einstein.) 
I left him in a suspended animation kennel. Einstein never knew I was gone! (gets out of the car) Marty! What in the name of Sir Isaac H Newton happened here? 
Oh yeah, Doc, listen, my kid showed up, all hell broke loose. 
Your kid? Great Scott, the sleep inducer! 
(Doc sits down. During the following Biff sneaks behind the DeLorean and listens in, unseen.) 
Because I used it on Jennifer there wasn't enough power left to knock your son out for the full hour. Damn! 
(USA Today) Doc, Doc, Doc, look at this, it's changing! 
(The newspaper is changing from “Youth Arrested” to “Gang Arrested”. The picture of Marty Jr. changes to one of Griff and his gang.) 
(Courthouse) 
(Griff and his gang are led away by the cops. Doc looks at them through his futuristic binoculars.) 
Get off, go on! 
I was framed! 
(Street) 
Why yes, yes of course! Because this hoverboard incident has now occurred, Griff goes to jail. Therefore your son won't go with him tonight and that robbery will never take place. Thus history, future history, has now been altered and this is the proof! Marty, we've succeeded, not exactly as I'd planned but no matter. Let's go get Jennifer and go home! 
(Marty puts the hoverboard in the DeLorean and says hi to Einstein again.) 
Hi Einie, hi buddy! (He picks up the almanac in its bag, but the book falls out and lands at Doc's feet.) 
What's this? 
Uh, it's a souvenir... 
50 years of Sports Statistics. Hardly recreational reading material Marty. 
Hey Doc, what's the harm of bringing back, er, a little info on the future? Thought maybe we could place a couple of bets. 
Marty! I didn't invent the time machine for financial gain. The intent here is to gain a clear perception of humanity. Where we've been, where we're going. The pitfalls and the possibilities. The perils and the promise. Perhaps even an answer to that universal question, why? 
Hey Doc, I'm all for that! What's wrong with making a few bucks on the side? 
I'm going to put this in the trash! 
(Alley) 
(Doc runs over to the alleyway, a moving bin is there. He's about to put the almanac in the bin when he sees a police car in the alleyway. He stops suddenly and looks in. The cops, Reese and Foley have found Jennifer.) 
Great Scott! 
McFly, Jennifer Jane Parker. 3793 Oakhurst St, Hilldale. Age 47. 
47? That's a hell of a good facelift. 
(Street) 
(Marty and Doc are watching the cops.) 
What the hell are they doing Doc? 
They used her thumbprint to assess her ID. Since her thumbprint never changes over the years they simply assume she's the Jennifer of the future. 
Well, we gotta stop them! 
What are we going to say, that we're time travelers? Hey, they'd have us committed. 
(Alley) 
(Meanwhile the officers have been performing checks on Jennifer.) 
She's clean, that means we take her home. 
Home, to Hilldale? It'll be dark by the time we get out there. 
(Street) 
They're taking her home, to your future home! We'll arrive shortly thereafter and get her out of there and go back to 1985. 
You mean I'm going to see where I live? I'm going to see myself as an old man? 
No, no, no Marty, that could resolve in a...(Doc realizes something and gives a "Huh!" groan) Great Scott! Jennifer could conceivably encounter her future self, the consequences of that could be disastrous. 
Doc, what do you mean? 
I foresee two possibilities. One - coming face-to-face with herself thirty years older could put her into shock and she could simply pass out. Or two - the encounter could create a time paradox, the results of which could cause a chain reaction that would unravel the very fabric of the space-time continuum and destroy the entire universe. Granted, that's the worse case scenario. The destruction might, in fact, be very localized, limited to merely our own galaxy. 
(worried) Well, that's a relief. 
(The police car takes off and passes Marty and Doc.) 
Let's go, I sure hope we find Jennifer before she finds herself! (He looks at a sign which gives information on the skyway. It says "Skewed on Skyway C25".) Damn, the skyway's jammed, it's going to take us forever to get there. (Almanac) And this stays here, I didn't invent the time machine to win at gambling, I invented the time machine to travel through time! 
I know, I know Doc! 
(Doc puts the almanac on a barrel and the two leave. Unknown to them, Biff has been overhearing! He opens a door to see the almanac and picks it up.) 
So, Doc Brown invented a time machine. 
(Hilldale) (The police car arrives. The signs outside say "Hilldale - The Address Of Success" but have been altered to say "The Address Of Suckers". The car lands outside a house and the officers open the door.) 
Hilldale. Nothing but a breeding ground for tranqs, lobos and zipheads. 
Yeah, they ought to tear this whole place down. 
(The officers press Jennifer's thumb to a panel next to the front door, and it opens.) 
(v.o) Welcome home Jennifer. 
(Jennifer is beginning to wake up.) 
What? 
You got a little tranked, but I think you can walk. 
Ma'am, you should reprogram, it's dangerous to enter without lights on. 
Lights on? 
(The lights come on.) 
Yes, now look. Just take it easy and you'll be fine. And be careful in the future. 
Future? 
Have a nice day Mrs McFly. 
(The officers leave. Jennifer looks around. Upstairs, a teenage girl, Marlene, can be seen walking around. Jennifer looks at a window, there's a picture of a nice garden.) 
(v.o)you're tuned to the Scenery Channel. 
I'm in the future. 
(o.s) Mom, mom is that you? 
(Jennifer sees some photos and has a look. One is of her wedding.) 
(horrified) I get married in the Chapel of Love? I've got to get out of here! 
(She goes to the front door and looks for a doorknob - of course there isn't one. Then the doorbell rings. Jennifer steps back, spots a closet and hides in it. Marlene McFly comes down the stairs. She's Marty's daughter, and looks like a female Marty.) 
Mom? Mom, is that you? (She opens the door to reveal Grandma Lorraine.) Grandma Lorraine! 
Sweetheart! 
(They kiss.) 
What happened to Grandpa? 
Oh, he put his back out again. (She steps back to reveal George. He’s attached to a hovering device and is upside down.) 
How's Grandad's little pumpkin? 
How did you do that? How did he do that? 
Oh, out on the golf course. 
Are your folks home yet? I bought pizza for everyone. (She holds up the pizza, and it’s only a few inches long.) 
Oh, who's going to eat all that? 
Oh, I will! 
(Skyway) 
Damn this traffic! Jennifer, that is old Jennifer, usually gets home around now. I hope we're not too late. 
(Doc looks through his goggles.) 
What is it, what's the matter Doc? 
For a moment, I thought I saw a taxi in my rear display. I thought it was following us. Weird. 
(Hilldale – McFly Residence) 
(Lorraine is changing the scenery on the window.) 
I can't believe this window is still broken. (She changes it from an Eastern garden to a sunset to New York at night to a mountain.) 
Well, when the scene screen repairman called Daddy a chicken, Daddy threw him out of the house and now we can't get anybody to fix it. 
Look how worn out this thing is! 
(She lifts it up like a blind to reveal the real window with next door shown through it.) 
(Closet) 
(Jennifer, still hiding in the closet, listens to them.) 
(o.s) Your father's biggest problem Marlene is that he loses all self control when someone calls him chicken. How many times have we heard it George? 
(Kitchen) 
Mom... 
Lorraine/...I can't let them think I'm chicken! 
Well, you're right, you're right! 
About thirty years ago, your father tried to prove he wasn't chicken and he ended up in an automobile accident. 
Oh, you mean with the Rolls Royce? 
(Closet) 
(horrified) Automobile accident? 
(Outside) 
(The DeLorean lands outside Hilldale - on the No Landing sign! - and Doc gets out.) 
All right Einie, let's find Jennifer! 
I don't believe it, I live in Hilldale! This is great! Way to go McFly! 
Marty, stay here, change clothes, I need you on holler. 
Come on Doc, I wanna check out my house! 
We can't risk you running into your older self. Come on Einie. 
(Doc and Einstein leave. Marty takes off his jacket.) 
Hilldale? This is bitchin’. 
(Just down the street from Marty, a taxi appears. Biff gets out and walks to the driver’s window. The driver gets out a gadget which has been adding his fare.) 
(v.o) One Seven Four Point Five Zero. 
That'll be 174.50. 
Here. (He puts his thumbprint on the taxi driver's gadget). 
Careful old timer, this is a rough neighborhood. 
Just give me the receipt. 
Here it is. 
(Biff takes it and the taxi flies off. Biff hides in a recycling station just behind the DeLorean.) 
(McFly Residence) 
That accident caused a chain reaction of events which sent Marty's life straight down the tube. (Jennifer creeps out of the closet and is able to hear better.) If not for that accident, your father's life would have turned out very different. (The fruit holder comes down from the ceiling to above the table.) The man in the Rolls Royce wouldn't have pressed charges, Marty wouldn't have broken his hand and he wouldn't have given up on his music. 
(Hallway) 
(o.s) And he wouldn't have spent all those years feeling sorry for himself. 
(Marty Jr. has just come home. He walks past Jennifer.) 
Marty Jr.Hey Mom, nice pants. 
(o.s) I think the real reason your mother married him was because she felt sorry for him. 
Mom? 
(o.s) Such a sweet girl. 
(Living Room) 
(Jennifer sees her future son sit down in front of the TV. A painting is on display.) 
Marty Jr.Put it off. (The picture vanishes) OK, I want channels 18, 24, 63, 109, 87 and the Weather Channel. 
(The screen splits into 6, each bit with its own TV image. As the 6 channels broadcast, Marty Jr. gets up and straightens the TV. It becomes lop sided again when he lets go.) 
(v.o) Welcome home Marty. 
(o.s) Hey, hey, hey, Dad's home, that's right, he's home, Dad's home. 
(v.o) Lord of the manor. 
(2015 Marty arrives. He’s wearing a business suit with two ties, like Terry was earlier, and has a briefcase in his hand.) 
Hello, hello. 
(v.o) King of the castle. 
Hello. (notices something) What the hell is this? (He presses a button.) 
(v.o) Lithium mode on. 
That's better, damn kids. (walks up to his son) Hey Ace. (Marty Jr. ignores him and continues watching TV.) Watching a little TV for a change? 
(Outside) 
(Marty has just put his 1985 Nikes back on. He looks around, and sees a dog being walked - by a robotic lead. Marty stares at it, and then gets up to have a closer look at it. He walks down the street. Biff gets into the DeLorean and unseen by Marty, takes off, although he crashes into some boxes first.) 
(McFly Residence – Kitchen) 
(Lorraine is making dinner. She opens the pizza.) 
Marty Jr.(o.s) Hey, pizza! 
(o.s) Alright, just wait. 
Marty Jr.(o.s) Grandma, can you just shove it in my mouth? (laughs) 
(o.s) Don't you be a smart ass! 
Marty Jr.(o.s.) Oh, great, it's the atrocity channel. 
(Lorraine puts the pizza in a Black and Decker Hydrator.) 
Hydrate level 4 please. (4 seconds later, she takes the pizza out, and it’s become full size.) Mmm. 
Marty Jr.(o.s) Is it ready? 
(Lorraine puts the pizza on the table.) 
Here you go. 
(Marty, Marlene and Marty Jr. all take a slice. Marlene and Marty Jr. both have television/telephone goggles on.) 
Oh boy, oh boy Mom, you sure can hydrate a pizza. (Marty takes a bite.) Now I'm sorry I missed that whole thing. 
(Hallway) 
(o.s) Now I'm just worried about Jennifer. 
(Kitchen) 
Why isn't she home yet? 
I'm not sure where Jennifer is Mom. (He pours himself and his son some juice. Marlene has a Pepsi.) Should have been home hours ago, and I'm having a hard time keeping track of her these days. 
Marty Jr.Hey fruit, fruit please! (The fruit thing comes down.) Thank you. 
Aren't you and Jennifer getting along? 
Oh yeah, great Mom, we're like a couple of teenagers, ya know. 
(The phone rings on the kids goggles.) 
Marty Jr.Dad, telephone, its Needles. 
Dad, it's for you. 
All right, well, I'll take it down in the den. Excuse me. 
Marty Jr.(fruit machine) Retract! 
(Den) 
Hello, in here please. 
(The painting on screen disappears to reveal Needles.) 
Hey, hey, the big M! How's it hanging McFly? 
Hey Needles. 
(Closet) 
(o.s) So... 
(puzzled) Needles? (she watches Marty and Needles) 
Did you take a look at that little business proposal of mine? 
(o.s) I don't know Needles. 
(o.s) What are you afraid of? 
(Den) 
If this thing works, it'll solve all your financial problems. 
And if it doesn't work Needles, I could get fired. It's illegal! I mean, what if the Jitz is watching, huh? 
The Jitz will never find out! Come on, stick your card in the slot and I'll handle it. 
Nah. (He starts to walk off) 
Unless you want everyone in division to think you're.....chicken. 
(Marty freezes at this word. He then turns around.) 
Nobody calls me chicken, Needles, nobody! 
All right, prove it. 
All right, all right Needles, here's my card, scan it, I'm in. 
Thanks McFly. See you at the plant tomorrow. 
(Needles "hangs up" and the screen has the AT&T logo on it.) 
(v.o) Thank you for using AT&T. 
(Marty gets up. Behind him, a Japanese man appears on the screen. It's Marty's boss, Iko Fujitsu - aka the Jitz.) 
McFly! 
(Jennifer jumps at this. Marty turns around to see his boss.) 
Oh! Fujitsu-san! Konnichi wa! 
McFly! I was monitoring that scan you just interfaced. You are terminated! 
Terminated! No, no! It wasn't my fault sir, it was Needles, Needles was behind the whole thing! 
And you co-operated! 
No I didn't! It was a sting operation! I was setting him up! 
McFly, read my fax! 
(The words You're Fired appear on screen, and the Jitz walks away.) 
Please no, I can't be fired - I'm fired! 
(Fax machines throughout the house print off You're Fired as well. One is near Jennifer. She takes it and look at it, horrified.) 
Oh, this is heavy. What am I going to tell Jennifer? 
(Jennifer watches him, but hears a tap on the window. It's Doc and Einstein!) 
(whispering) Jennifer, Jennifer! 
Oh Doc, am I glad to see you! 
Go out the front door! 
But it doesn't open, there's no doorknob! 
Press your thumb to the plate! 
What plate? 
(Doc sees something and he and Einstein hide. Jennifer creeps out of the closet and makes her way to the door. Marty gets his guitar and plays a few chords from The Power Of Love. Lorraine enters, and Jennifer moves quickly before she can be seen.) 
Marty, what does this fax mean? 
Oh Mom, it's a joke, an office joke, a joke fax. 
A joke? But Marty, I heard you yelling. 
No Mom; Mom, mom, mom, calm down, I wasn't yelling... Needles and I were just kinda joking. 
(Jennifer goes to the front door.) 
Welcome home Jennifer. 
(Jennifer is about to walk out when she realizes that her future self has just walked in! 2015 Jennifer, has grey hair - the years have not been kind to her. She's carrying groceries. Both Jennifer’s stop and stare at each other.) 
I'm young! 
I'm old! 
(Both faint, but luckily Doc is there to catch 1985 Jennifer.) 
(Outside) 
(Biff arrives back in 2015 and parks the DeLorean. He gets out, clutching his chest. Doc calls to Marty.) 
Marty! Marty! Marty! Come quick! Quick! 
(Biff gets out of the DeLorean. The top of his cane breaks off and stays in there.) 
Oh, oh, ahh! 
(Marty and Doc are running down the street carrying Jennifer.) 
She encountered her future self and went into shock, just as I predicted. She'll be fine - lets get her back to 1985. And then I'm going to destroy the time machine! 
Destroy it? What about all that stuff about humanity? Where we're going and why? 
The risk is just too great as this incident proves. (He opens the door and they put Jennifer inside.) And I was behaving responsibly! Just imagine the danger if the time machine were to fall in the wrong hands! 
(Cut to Biff. He groans again and falls over. Cut back to Doc.) 
My only regret is that I will never get a chance to visit my favourite historical era - the old west. But time travelling is just too dangerous. Better that I devote myself to study the other great mystery of the universe - women. 
(Cut to inside the DeLorean. Marty is sitting in the passenger seat with Jennifer, still out cold, on his lap. Einstein is behind them. Doc inputs October 26th 1985 9.00PM in the time panel.) 
Marty, Einie, brace yourselves for temporal displacement. 
(Marty holds Jennifer. Cut to his point of view. We see the DeLorean get up to 88mph whilst travelling on the skyway, then just as they're about to pass a floating sign, the DeLorean breaks the time barrier. The skyway vanishes.) 
(Hill Valley – 1985) 
Did we make it? Are we back? (A jumbo jet just misses them.) Argh! 
We're back. 
(Doc flies the DeLorean down a street, lets the wheels down and lands, driving normally to a house - Jennifer's. It parks in her driveway. He and Marty get out, carrying Jennifer. Neither of them notice the wrecked car in the driveway. They put her on her porch swing.) 
Let's put her in the swing! Then I'll take you home and you can come back in your truck and wake her. When she awakens here in her own house and it's dark, you should be able to convince her it was all a dream. 
Wait a minute, we're just going to leave her here on the porch? 
The disorientation will help convince her that it was all a dream. 
How long do you think she's gonna be out? 
I'm not sure, she received quite a shock. Could be for a few minutes, most probably a couple of hours. You'd better bring some smelling salts with you. 
Well you're the Doc, Doc. 
Right. Let's go Einie. 
(Doc and Einstein walk towards the DeLorean. Marty stays where he is looking at Jennifer. Doc turns around to face him.) 
Don't worry, she'll be fine. 
(Marty walks after Doc and notices bars on the windows.) 
I don't remember bars being on these windows. 
(Lyon Estates) 
(The DeLorean drives through them into the estate. A pack of stray dogs run across the road after the car passes. The DeLorean drives down the street and stops at Marty's house. Trash is everywhere and most of the houses on Marty's street are empty/boarded up/have got "For Sale" signs in the front gardens. Marty opens the door and gets out of the DeLorean.) 
If you need me, I'll be in my lab, dismantling this thing. 
Right. 
(Marty closes the door and Doc drives off. Marty goes to the side gate and tries to open it - but there's a padlock.) 
(surprised) What the hell? 
(Marty climbs over the gate.) 
(Bedroom) 
(Marty quietly opens the window. He steps inside, but trips and falls onto the bed. The light is turned on and Marty sees a young girl, Loretta, in his bed! Except it's not his bed, this room is completely different.) 
Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! 
Hey, hey, hey, wait, wait a minute, what are you doing in my room? 
Mom, Dad, help me! 
Wait a minute, wait a minute, OK, OK! 
(The door bursts open and Loretta's Dad enters. He's carrying a baseball bat.) 
Freeze sucker! 
It's OK, I don't want any trouble! 
Well, you got trouble now you piece of trash! 
(Loretta's Mom enters and stands by the doorway. With her is their other child, Harold. Dad tries to hit Marty with the bat but breaks some of his daughter's things instead. Loretta is still crying.) 
What are you doing in here with my daughter? 
Hey listen, I'm just in the wrong house! 
(Dad aims again - and misses again.) 
Go get him Dad! 
You got that right! 
(Dad aims again.) 
Hey look, I made a mistake! 
You're damn right you made a mistake! 
(Dad aims again.) 
Argh! 
(Marty crawls out of the room.) 
Harold/Get him! 
(Front Yard) 
(Marty runs out of the house, and the family chases him until they stop at the end of the front yard.) 
Argh! 
Right, you keep running sucker, and you tell that realty company that I ain't selling, you hear? We ain't going to be terrorized! 
(Street) 
(Marty runs down a street. Things are very different to how he remembered. In the distance he hears gunshots and screaming. At a corner there are the outlines of two murder victims. Marty runs down another street and three police cars drive past in the background.) 
This has got to be the wrong year. (He sees a house. He runs over and picks up the newspaper. He reads out the date - October 26th 1985.) 1985? It can't be. 
(o.s.) Drop it. 
(Marty looks behind him to see Mr. Strickland wearing a nightshirt with a bullet-proof vest on top. He's got a gun and pointing it at Marty.) 
So you're the son of a bitch who's been stealing my papers. 
Mr. Strickland. Mr. Strickland, it's me sir. It's Marty. 
Who? 
Marty McFly! Marty McFly! Don't you know me? From school, sir. 
I've never seen you before in my life but you look to me like a slacker. 
Yeah, that's right. That's right, I am a slacker. Don't you remember? You gave me detention last week. 
Last week? The school burnt down six years ago. Now, you've got exactly three seconds to get off my porch with your nuts in tact. One -
I just wanna know what the hell is going on here. 
Two... 
Argh!!! 
(A car drives past, its drivers fire gunshots.) 
Strickland! 
(They hit Strickland's porch, destroying a few flower pots, and Marty ducks for cover. Strickland comes back with a gun and fires it.) 
Eat lead, slackers! 
(Marty runs off, terrified.) 
Argh! 
(Courthouse Square) 
(Marty runs up and ends up standing on a sign. It's the "Welcome to the City of Hill Valley A Nice Place To Live" sign. It's been changed so it now says "Hell Valley" and also has bullet holes in it. In the square he bumps in to Red, the bum we saw at the end of Part 1 when Marty re-entered 1955. He's also a bum in this reality.) 
Watch where you're going, crazy drunk pedestrian! 
Red! 
(Red looks at him and then walks off. Marty gets a look at Courthouse Square. It's now full of strip bars, adult book stores and the like. There are bikers everywhere - it seems Hill Valley is hosting a biker's convention. Marty looks again. There is a toxic plant in the Square and a tank owned by the Hill Valley Police is driving around. Marty looks at the Courthouse. It's now a high rise building. The clock has been removed and extra stories have been built on top. Then Marty gets the biggest surprise - it is now BIFF TANNEN'S PLEASURE PARADISE!!! A neon image of Biff using a money bill as a cigar can be seen. At the top of the building is the word "Biff's" in big neon letters. Big chimneys are also polluting the air.) 
(Pleasure Paradise) 
(Marty crosses the square and walks to the Pleasure Paradise. To the right of the main entrance is the Biff Tannen Museum. There's a TV screen playing. Marty goes to watch it.) 
(v.o) Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Biff Tannen Museum, dedicated to Hill Valley's number one citizen, and America's greatest living folk hero, the one, the only, Biff Tannen. Of course, we've all heard the legend, but who is the man? Inside you will learn how Biff Tannen became one of the richest and most powerful men in America. (The TV screen shows Biff driving away from a big house in an expensive car.) Learn the amazing history of the Tannen family, starting with his great grandfather, Buford "Mad Dog" Tannen, the fastest gun in the west. (The TV screen shows a picture of Buford.) See Biff's humble beginnings, and how a trip to the races on his 21st birthday made him a millionaire overnight. (The TV screen shows a racehorse and then Biff after his win with his money. Afterwards a copy of the Hill Valley Telegraph appears on screen – “Hill Valley Man Wins Big At Races”.) Share in the excitement of a fabulous winning streak...(The TV screen shows the Hill Valley Telegraph – “Biff Wins Again”.) ...that earned him the nickname, "The Luckiest Man On Earth". (The TV screen shows the Hill Valley Telegraph – “The Luckiest Man On Earth”.) Learn how Biff parlayed that lucky winning streak into the vast empire named Biffco. (The TV screen shows Biff outside one of the Biffco plants.) Discover how in 1979 Biff successfully lobbied to legalize gambling, and turned Hill Valley's dilapidated Courthouse into a beautiful casino-hotel. (The TV screen shows the Hill Valley Telegraph – “Gambling Legalized”.) 
(on video) I just want to say one thing - God bless America. 
(v.o) Meet the women who shared in his passion as he searched for true love... (The TV screen shows pictures of Biff with women, before cutting to a picture of Lorraine!) ...and relive Biff's happiest moment, as in 1973 he realized his life long dream by marrying his high school sweetheart, Lorraine Baines McFly. (The TV shows the wedding day. As Biff and Lorraine leave the church, a reporter's arm with a mike is seen.) 
(v.o, on video) How do you feel Mr Tannen? 
(on video) Third time's the charm. 
(Biff kisses Lorraine. Marty can't believe it.) 
No!!! (He steps backwards - into the arms of 3-D, Match and Skinhead. Skinhead grabs Marty.) No! 
Hey wait, you're coming with us upstairs! 
Let me go! 
Sonny, we can do this the easy way or the hard way. 
(3-D hits Marty on the head and Marty passes out. As the screen fades to black we can hear “The easy way” quietly.) 
(Pleasure Paradise – 27th Floor) 
(Marty wakes up in a bed. He wakes up a bit and sees his mother Lorraine.) 
(still half-asleep) Mom? Mom, is that you? 
Just relax Marty. You've been asleep for almost two hours. 
I had a horrible nightmare. It was terrible. 
Well, you're safe and sound now. Back on the good ol' 27th floor. 
(Marty, now wide awake, sits up suddenly! Lorraine turns on the lights.) 
27th Floor?! (Looks at Lorraine) Argh! Mom, Mom that can't be you. 
(Lorraine is thinner than she was when Marty left 1985, and her breasts are bigger - she's obviously had surgery. She's dressed up in a tight outfit.) 
Yes it's me, Marty. Are you alright? 
I'm fine. I'm fine. It's just that you're so, you're so big. 
Everything's going to be fine, Marty. Are you hungry? I can call room service. 
Room service? 
(o.s) Lorraine! 
Oh my God, it's your father. 
My father? 
(Biff enters. This Biff is dressed up in a suit, and has a yellowy-ginger hair colour rather than the grey he had at the start of the film. 3-D, Match and Skinhead are with him.) 
You're supposed to be in Switzerland you little son of a bitch! 
(horrified) My father! 
Did you get kicked out of another boarding school? (Lorraine takes another sip of her drink.) Damn it Lorraine, do you know how much perfectly good dough I've spent on this no good kid of yours, huh? On all 3 of them?What the hell do you care, we can afford it! (She walks out of the room, tripping over on the way, during the following. Biff follows her.) The least we can do with all that money is provide a better life for our children. 
Oh, hold on one second. Let's get this straight. Marty is your kid, not mine, and all the money in the world wouldn't do jack shit with that lazy bum. 
Stop it Biff, just stop it! 
Just look at him. He's a butthead just like his old man was. 
(Lorraine turns to Biff angrily.) 
Don't you dare speak that way about George! You're not even half the man he was! 
(Biff pushes Lorraine and she falls to the floor. Marty tries to run towards Biff.) 
You son of a bitch! 
3-Hey! 
(Match and Skinhead hold Marty back. Lorraine lets out a cry of pain. Biff walks over to Marty.) 
Always the little hothead, huh? You wanna take a poke at me? 
(Biff punches Marty in the stomach. Marty lets out a cry of pain, as does Lorraine. Biff laughs, and Lorraine gets up. She walks over to the stairs.) 
Damn it Biff, that's it. I'm leaving! (she starts walking up the stairs.) 
So, go ahead. But think about this, Lorraine. Who's going to pay for all your clothes, huh? And your jewellery and your liquor? Who's going to pay for your cosmetic surgery, Lorraine? 
You were the one who wanted me to get these, these things. (She points to her breasts) If you want them back, you can have them. 
Look Lorraine, you walk out that door, I'll not only cut off you, I'll cut off your kids! 
(Lorraine turns around sharply and runs back to the banister.) 
You wouldn't! 
Oh, wouldn't I? First your daughter Linda, I'll cancel all her credit cards. She can settle her debts with the bank all by herself. (He walks up the stairs.) Your idiot son, Dave, I'll get his parole revoked. And as for Marty, well, maybe you'd like all three of your kids behind bars just like your brother Joey. One big happy jailbird family. 
(Biff is now right next to Lorraine.) 
Alright, Biff. You win. I'll stay. 
(Lorraine goes down the stairs. Biff turns to Marty.) 
As for you, I’ll be back up here in an hour, so you'd better not be! 
(Biff leaves, slamming the doors as he goes. 3-D, Match and Skinhead follow him.) 
He was right, and I was wrong. 
Mom, Mom, what are you saying? You're actually defending him! 
(Lorraine sits down and has another drink.) 
I had it coming. He's my husband, and he takes care of all of us. And he deserves our respect. 
Respect! Your husband? How can he be your husband? How can you leave Dad for him? 
Leave Dad? Marty, are you feeling OK? 
Marty! No! no, I'm not feeling all right! I don't understand one damn thing that's going on around here and why nobody can give me a simple straight answer. (He sits down next to her.) 
Oh, they must have hit you on the head hard this time. (She runs her hand through her son's hair.) 
Mom, I just want to know one thing. (He holds her hand.) Where's my father? Where's George McFly? 
Marty! George, your father is in the same place he's been for the past 12 years. (takes a sip) Oak Park Cemetery. 
(Oak Park Cemetery) 
(Marty finally finds a gravestone. It reads “In Loving Memory Of George Douglas McFly, Born April 1st 1938, Died March 15th 1973.”) 
NO! No! (Marty kneels down in front of the gravestone.) This can't be happening! (reads) March 15th 1973? No, oh please God no, no, please God, please God, no, this can't be happening! This can't be happening! This can't be... 
(A shadow appears on the gravestone. Marty hears a twig snap and turns around. It’s Doc and Einstein.) 
I'm afraid it is happening Marty, all of it! 
Doc! 
When I learnt about your father, I figured you'd come here. 
Then you know what happened to him? You know what happened, March 15th 1973? 
Yes Marty, I know. 
(Doc’s Garage) 
(It’s a mess. Doc opens a book. ‘Hill Valley Telegraph Archives March 1st - April 30th 1973’. On the page he turns to is a headline – “Local Author Shot Dead.” We stay focused on the paper as Doc speaks.) 
(v.o) I went to the public library to try and make sense out of all the madness. The place was boarded up, shut down, so I broke in and borrowed some newspapers. 
I don't get it Doc, I mean how can this be happening? It's like we're in hell or something. 
No, its Hill Valley, although I can't imagine hell being much worse! (Einstein whines. Doc takes a candle and goes over to him.) Oh Einie, I'm sorry boy, the lab is an awful, awful, awful, awful mess! (He flips over Einstein’s dog bed and the dog hops in.) Atta boy. (to Marty) Obviously the time continuum has been disrupted creating this new temporally venced sequence resulting in this alternative reality. 
English, Doc! 
Here, here, here, let me illustrate. (He finds blackboard and stands it up. He picks up some chalk.) Imagine that this line represents time...(He draws a line on the blackboard.) ...Here's the present, 1985 (He writes “1985” on the board), the future (he writes “F”), and the past (he writes “Past”). Prior to this point in time... (He points to 1985) ...somewhere in the past, the timeline skewed into this tangent, creating an alternate 1985. (Doc draws the tangent on the board and writes “1985-A” on it.) Alternate to you, me and Einstein. But reality for everyone else. (He goes to the DeLorean and gets a bag out.) Recognize this? It's the bag the sports book came in. I know, because the receipt is still inside. I found them in the time machine, along with this! (He holds up the top of Biff’s 2015 cane.) 
It's the top of Biff's cane, I mean old Biff from the future! 
Correct! It was in the time machine because Biff was in the time machine - with the sports almanac! 
Holy shit! 
You see, whilst we were in the future, Biff got the sports book, stole the time machine, went back in time and gave the book to himself at some point in the past. 
(Doc draws a line from the "F" on the board to the point where the tangent skewed into 1985-A. He then takes out a copy of the Hill Valley Telegraph, “Hill Valley Man Wins Big At Races”. Next to it is a picture of Biff.) 
Look! It says, right here, that Biff won his first million betting on a horse race in 1958. He wasn't just lucky, he knew because he had all the race results in the sports almanac. That's how he made his entire fortune! Look in his pocket with a magnifying glass. 
(Marty does so. He sees the almanac in Biff's pocket.) 
The almanac! (Doc chuckles again) That son of a bitch stole my idea! (He slams his fist on the table.) He must have been listening when I...it's my fault! If I hadn't bought that damn book, none of this would ever have happened! 
Well, that's all in the past. 
You mean the future. 
Whatever! It demonstrates precisely how time travel can be misused and why the time machine must be destroyed - after we straighten all of this out. 
Right, so we go back to the future, and we stop Biff from stealing the almanac. 
We can't! Because, if we travel into the future from this point in time, it will be the future of this reality! (He underlines 1985-A on the board). In which Biff is corrupt, and powerful, and married to your mother; and in which this has happened to me! (He shows Marty another paper. The headline says “Emmett Brown Committed - Crackpot Inventor Declared Legally Insane.” A side story says “Biffco To Build New Dioxin Plant” and “Nixon To Seek 5th Term.” Einstein whines as Marty takes it.) No, our only chance to repair the present is in the past, at the point where the timeline skewed into this tangent. In order to put the universe back as we remember it, and get back to our reality, we have to find out the exact date, and the specific circumstances of how, where and when, young Biff got his hands on that sports almanac. 
I'll ask him. 
(Pleasure Paradise – 27th Floor) 
(“A Fistful of Dollar’s” is playing on the TV in Biffy’s suite. Clint Eastwood looks up to the camera. The other guy shoots him, and Clint falls into some barrels. The other guy smiles, and fires again - he's out of bullets. Clint gets up and reveals the bullet-proof vest. Cut to Biff watching the movie from his Jacuzzi with 2 other women.) 
Bullet-proof vest! Great flick, great frigging flick The guy is brilliant! (Marty comes up behind and turns the TV off using the remote.) Hey, what the hell's going... (sees Marty) Ah! 
Ahh! 
Party's over Biff. (He throws the remote in the Jacuzzi.) Sorry ladies. 
How'd you get past my security downstairs? 
There's a little matter we need to talk about. 
Yeah, money, right? Well forget it! 
No, not money. (slowly) Grays Sports Almanac. 
(gives Marty a look) You heard him girls, party's over. 
(Office) 
(Biff enters a room wearing a robe. Marty follows him. In the room is a big painting of Biff.) 
Start talking kid, what else do you know about that book? 
First, you tell me how you got it. How, where, and when. 
Alright, take a seat. (Marty stays standing. Biff walks over to the painting of himself. He turns to Marty.) Sit down! (Marty does) November 12th 1955, that was when. 
(During the following Biff reveals the painting is really a safe. He opens the safe.) 
November 12th 1955? That was the day I went back... (covering) that was the day of the famous Hill Valley lightning storm. 
You know your history, very good. I'll never forget that Saturday. I'd just picked my car up from the shop because I'd enrolled it in a drag race a few days earlier. 
I thought you crashed it into a manure truck. 
How do you know about that? 
(covering) My father told me about it. 
Your father? 
Before he died. 
Yeah right. So there I was, minding my own business, (he opens the safe) when this crazy old codger with a cane shows up. (He takes a box out of the safe.) He says he's my distant relative. I didn't see any resemblance. (He puts the box on the table.) So he says "How would you like to be rich?" So I say "Sure." (He opens the box and takes the sports almanac from it.) So he lays this book on me. He says this book'll tell me the outcome of every sporting event 'til the end of the century. All I have to do is bet on the winner, and I'll never lose. So I say "What's the catch?" He says, "No catch, just keep it a secret." (Biff puts the book back in the box and closes it.) After that he disappeared. I never saw him again. (Marty takes a "Biff's Pleasure Paradise" matchbox and puts it in his pocket.) Oh, and he told me one other thing. He said some day, a crazy wild eyed scientist or a kid may show up asking about that book. And if that ever happened... (Biff laughs as he pulls out a gun.) Funny, I never thought it would be you. 
Yeah well Biff, you're forgetting one thing. What the hell is that? 
(He points behind Biff. Biff looks, and Marty throws the matchbox tray at him. It hits the chair just about Biff's head. Marty runs off. Biff turns back and sees him go. He fires at Marty and misses.) 
You're dead, you little son of a bitch! 
(Biff presses a button which calls for security.) 
(Hallway) 
(Marty runs out of the room and sees the elevator. He runs to it, just as 3-D, Match and Skinhead come out of it.) 
3-Hey, get back here! 
Hey, hey! 
(Marty runs to the stairs and runs down them. The gang follows him. Marty switches to the other flight of stairs and climbs back up. Biff's cronies do not realize he's done this and carry on downwards. Marty, now back at the top of the stairs, goes out onto the roof. Biff enters. He sees the door to the roof closing and realizes where Marty is.) 
(Roof) 
(Marty runs to the edge of the roof and looks down. Biff approaches him.) 
Go ahead, kid. Jump. Suicide'll be nice and neat. 
What if I don't? 
(Biff pulls out the gun and points it at Marty.) 
Lead poisoning. 
What about the police, Biff? They're gonna match up the bullet with that gun. (He looks down again.) 
Kid, I own the police! Besides, they couldn't match up the bullet that killed your old man. 
You son of a bitch! 
I suppose it's poetic justice - two McFlys with the same gun. 
(Looking down again, Marty jumps off the roof. Biff looks at him with a "what the hell?" look and approaches the roof. He chuckles to himself. Then he sees Marty hovering in mid-air! It turns out that he's standing on the DeLorean.) 
(DeLorean) What the hell? 
(Doc opens the door of the car and it hits Biff on the head, knocking him out. Marty climbs in.) 
Nice one Doc! You're not going to believe this, we've got to go back to 1955! 
I don't believe it! 
(The DeLorean flies away from the Pleasure Paradise.) 
(DeLorean) 
(Doc is inputting the date in the time panel.) 
That's right, Doc. November 12th 1955. 
Unbelievable, that old Biff could have chosen that particular date. It could mean that, that point in time inherently contains some sort of cosmic significance. Almost as if it were the junction point for the entire space-time continuum. On the other hand, it could just be an amazing coincidence. (The time display changes to JAN 01 1885 12.00AM.) Damn, gotta fix that thing! (He bangs it and it changes back to NOV 12 1955 06.00AM.) All right, time circuits on. 
What do you mean, time circuits on? Doc, we're not going back now? 
Yep. 
Doc, what about Jennifer, what about Einstein? We can't just leave them here! 
Don't worry Marty, assuming we succeed in our mission this alternative 1985 will be changed back to the real 1985, instantaneously transforming around Jennifer and Einie. Jennifer and Einie will be fine, and they will have absolutely no memory of this horrible place! 
Doc, what if we don't succeed? 
We must succeed! 
(Hill Valley – 1955) 
(The DeLorean arrives just outside of where they are beginning to build Lyon Estates. Doc and Marty get out of the car.) 
Ah, this is heavy Doc. I mean it's like I was just here yesterday. 
You were here yesterday, Marty. You were. Amazing, isn't it? (He runs to the billboard, Marty follows.) All right, sunrise should be in about 22 minutes. (He goes back to the DeLorean.) You go into town, and track down Young Biff and tail him. Sometime today, Old Biff will show up and give young Biff the almanac. Above all you must not interfere with that event. You must let Old Biff believe he's succeeded so he'll leave 1955 and return the DeLorean back to the future. 
Right. 
Once Old Biff has gone, grab the almanac any way you can. Remember both of our futures depend on this! 
You don't have to remind me of that, Doc! 
Here's some binoculars and a walkie-talkie so we can keep in contact. I'll stay here and try to repair the shortened time circuits. That way we don't risk anyone else stealing the time machine, and I won't risk accidentally running into my other self. 
Your other self? 
Yes! There are now 2 of me here... (During the following Doc turns to face the camera as if he is talking to the audience.) ...and there are 2 of you here. (He runs down the street, Marty follows.) The other me, is the Dr Emmett Brown from 1955, the younger me...(He turns around and runs back to the camera.) ...that helps the younger you get back to 1985! Remember the lightning bolt at the clock tower? 
Yeah. 
That event doesn't happen until tonight, so you must be very careful not to run into your other self. Let me give you some money. (He pulls out a case, and opens it. Inside are various money bills from different times. He finds a note from 1955 and gives it to Marty.) Have to be prepared for all monetary possibilities! Get yourself some 50's clothes. 
Check Doc. 
(Marty leaves, then Doc calls after him.) 
Something inconspicuous! 
(Mason Street) 
(Marty is in view, wearing a leather coat, glasses and a hat. Very not inconspicuous. From this point on when Marty and Doc talk, they are on their walkie-talkies (w.t).) 
(w.t) Doc, come in Doc, this is Marty, over. 
(v.o) Roger Marty, this is Doc. Are you there? 
(Marty looks through the binoculars. He's looking at a house, filled with garden ornaments and a sign - No Trespassers - Violators Will Be Prosecuted. This Means You!) 
(w.t) Yeah Doc, I'm at the address. (looks at the front door) It's the only Tannen in the book...but I don't think it's Biff's house. It looks like some old lady lives here. 
(Then to prove Marty wrong, Biff leaves the house. But to prove Marty right as well, the voice of Grandma Tannen can be heard. The following is viewed through the binoculars.) 
(v.o) Biff! 
Yeah? 
(v.o) Where're you going Biff? 
I'm going to get my car Grandma! 
(v.o) When are you coming back? My feet hurt and I want you to rub my toes some more. 
(to himself) Shut up you old bag. 
(Sidewalk) 
(Biff walks a few yards down the street when a red ball lands at his feet. He picks it and 5 kids come along to him.) 
Give us our ball back! 
What ball? 
That ball! 
What ball are you talking about? 
Give us our ball back! 
Oh, is this your ball? 
Yeah! 
(Marty crouches behind a car to avoid being seen.) 
Is this your ball, you want it back? 
Yeah! 
(He throws it into a gutter on a house.) 
Well go get it! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. (He walks off.) 
(w.t) Doc, it is Biff's house, I'm on him. Over. 
(Courthouse Square) 
(Biff walks down the street. Marty follows, hiding behind cars. He is not seen by Biff. Biff walks between some kids throwing a ball around.) 
Hey! 
(Biff walks over to his car, where Terry the mechanic has fixed it. It's the same Terry from 2015 who asked Marty to donate money to save the clock tower- of course here he's 60 years younger.) 
Looking good Terry. 
Hey Biff, she's all fixed up just like you wanted, but I couldn't get it started! You got some kind of a kill switch on this thing? 
(The camera pulls out to reveal 2015 Biff behind a tree. He watches as 1955 Biff opens the car door and gets in.) 
No, you just got to have the right touch. Nobody can start this car but me. 
The bill comes to $302 and 57 cents... 
300 bucks? (He gets out of the car.) 300 bucks for a couple of dents? No, hey, that's bullshit Terry. 
No Biff, it was horseshit, the whole car was filled with it. 
(We cut to 2015 Biff as he remembers this.) 
(v.o) I had to pay Old Man Jones 80 bucks to haul it away! 
(v.o) Old Man Jones? He probably resold it too! Now I ought to get something for that. 
(Cut back to 1955 Biff and Terry.) 
Wanna get something for it? Well, go inside, you can call Old Man Jones and if you want us to give you a refund... 
It's 300 bucks Terry! If I catch the guy who caused this, I'll break his neck! 
(Marty gets into the back of the car unseen and covers himself with a sheet. Cut to 2015 Biff as 1955 Biff and Terry enter the Western Auto Stores shop.) 
The manure! I remember that! 
(As 2015 Biff walks off, 1955 Biff and Terry come out of the store. Biff pushes past a kid on a scooter. Terry is holding 4 cans. They're in the middle of their conversation.) 
...4 cans of Valvoline. 
4 cans for a $300 job? 
I can't even have lunch…
I should be getting a case or more out of you for a 300 buck job. 
(They keep arguing as Biff throws the cans in the back of the car, where they land on Marty.) 
It's the last time I ever do you a favor! Last time! 
(Across the street) 
(Lorraine and her friend Babs leave Ruth's clothes shop. They have a box and are laughing happily. Lorraine opens the box and pulls out the dress she will wear to the dance that night. Biff is watching them.) 
It's perfect Lorraine! 
Oh, look how good it is, it looks so good! 
(Terry drives off as Biff goes over to the girls.) 
Well lookie what we got here. Pretty nice dress, Lorraine. (He lifts up Lorraine's skirt.) Although, you'd look better wearing nothing at all. 
Biff, why don't you take a long walk off a short pier? 
Hey listen, Lorraine. There's that dance at school tonight. Right now, my car's all fixed. I'd figured that I'd cut you a break and give you the honour of going with the best-looking guy in school. 
Well, I'm busy tonight, Biff. 
Doing what? 
Washing my hair. 
That's as funny as a screen door on a battleship. 
(Biff’s Car) 
(under his breath) It's "screen door on a submarine," you dork. 
(Sidewalk) 
Look Biff, someone already asked me to the dance. 
Who, that bug George McFly? 
I'm going with Calvin Klein, OK? 
Calvin Klein? (He grabs Lorraine by her shoulders and turns her to face him.) No, that's not OK. You're going with me, understand? 
Get your cooties off of me! 
When are you going to get it through that thick skull of yours Lorraine, you're my girl! 
Biff Tannen, I wouldn't be your girl even if... (pause) even if you had a million dollars! (She kicks Biff in the leg.) 
Argh! (Then she hits him over the head with the box.) Oh! (Lorraine and Babs run off. Biff runs into the middle of the road, causing a car to swerve slightly to avoid hitting him.) Yes you will, Lorraine! It's you and me, Lorraine! 
(A car narrowly misses Biff.) 
Watch your back! 
It's meant to be! Someday you'll marry me! Someday you'll be my wife! 
(Biff turns to his car after Lorraine and Babs run off to see 2015 Biff in his car. 1955 Biff doesn't recognize him as his future self.) 
You always had your way with women, Biff. 
Get the hell outta my car, old man! 
Do you want to marry that girl, Biff? I can help make it happen. 
Oh yeah. And who are you? Miss Lonely Hearts? 
Just get in the car, butthead. 
Who are you calling butthead, butthead? (2015 Biff starts the car. 1955 Biff is surprised.) How did you know how to do that? Nobody could start this car but me. 
Just get into the car, Tannen. Today's your lucky day. 
(Tannen Residence) 
(The car, driven by 2015 Biff, drives up towards the garage. The backs of the heads of both Biffs are visible.)(v.o) Hey, hey, hey, hey, watch where you're going old man! If you break this car I'm gonna kill you! (The car enters the garage and 2015 Biff stops it. His face is visible, 1955 Biff is facing away.) This cost me 300 bucks! 
Would you shut up about the car? 
Ay, and another thing, how do you know where I live? 
Let's just say we're related Biff, and that being the case I got a little present for you. (During the following Marty peers up from the back of the car to witness what's going on - he is not seen.) Something that'll make you rich. You wanna be rich, don't ya? 
Oh yeah, sure, right, that's rich, ha ha, you're gonna make me rich! 
You see this book? (Marty ducks down again.) This book tells the future. It tells the events of every major sports event til the end of the century. Football, baseball, horse races, boxing...the information in here is worth millions, and I'm giving it to you. 
(He passes the book to 1955 Biff. Obviously 1955 Biff thinks this is a load crap.) 
Well, that's very nice, thank you very much. Now why don't you make like a tree and get out of here? 
(2015 Biff gives 1955 Biff a slap across the head.) 
It's leave, you idiot! "Make like a tree, and leave." You sound like a damn fool when you say it wrong! 
Alright then, leave! (He throws the book in the back of the car. 2015 Biff catches it.) And take your book with you! 
Don't you get it? You could make a fortune with this book, let me show you. 
(2015 Biff turns on the radio. During the following he's looking through the sports almanac to find the result.) 
(v.o) UCLA trail 17 to 16! It's 4th and 11 with only 18 seconds left of this game. I'd say it's all over for UCLA! 
Bet you a million bucks UCLA win at 19 to 17. 
What, are you deaf old man? He just said it was over! You lost! 
Oh yeah? (He turns the volume up.) 
(v.o) Here comes Decker with the kick, it's up, it looks good folks, it looks very good, field goal! UCLA wins 19 to 17! 
(As the announcer keeps talking, 1955 Biff looks at his future self in amazement.) 
Alright pops, what's the gag? How did you know what the score was gonna be? 
I told you, it's in this book! All you gotta do is bet on the winner, and you'll never lose. (He hands the book to 1955 Biff.) 
Alright, I'll take a look at it. 
(He throws it in the back, it lands near Marty. Marty is about to grab it when 2015 Biff grabs the book without seeing Marty.) 
You damned fool! (The two get out of the car.) Never, never leave this book lying around! Don't you have a safe? (realizes) No, you don't have a safe. Get a safe! Keep it locked up, and until then keep it on you like this. (He puts the book in 1955 Biff's back jeans pocket.) 
Hey, what're ya doing? 
And don't tell anyone about it either. Oh, and there's one more thing. (During the following 1955 Biff closes the garage door, and the Biffs leave the garage.) One day, a kid, or a crazy wild-eyed scientist who claims to be a scientist is gonna come around asking about that book... 
(They walk off, continuing their conversation. Marty tries to open the door - but it's locked! And we see the outside padlock to prove it. Marty looks up at the windows, but they're far too small for him to climb out of.) 
I'm trapped! (He gets his walkie-talkie out.) Doc, come in Doc! 
(Lyon Estates) 
Marty, what's the report? 
(v.o) Biff's gone! 
(Garage) 
(w.t) He's got the book, the old man's gone too. I'm locked in Biff's garage. 
(Lyon Estates) 
(v.o) You've gotta fly the DeLorean over here and get me the hell out of here. (cut to Garage) The address is 1809 Maple Street. 
(Lyon Estates) 
I can't take the DeLorean out in the daylight, but don't worry Marty, somehow I'll get over there. 
(Garage) 
(w.t) Whoa Doc, wait a minute Doc. Hey Doc! (No answer, Marty puts away the walkie-talkie and sighs.) Perfect! 
(Time Lapse – Evening) 
(Biff leaves the house and heads for the garage.) 
(v.o) Biff! Biff, where're you going now? 
I told you Grandma, I'm going to the dance! 
(We cut to the garage, where Marty is listening.) 
(v.o) When are you coming home? 
The dance! 
I'll get home when I get home! (He enters the garage.) 
(Marty hides in the back of the car.) 
(v.o) Don't forget to turn off the garage lights! 
(Biff gets in his car and drives off. As he leaves the Tannen house, Doc rides past on a bicycle. Doc rides up the driveway to the empty garage and rings the bell.) 
Marty, Marty! Marty! 
(Doc leaves the garage.) 
Marty, Marty? Damn! (He tears the price tag off his hat.) Where is that kid? 
(Biffy’s Car) 
(He's driving to the dance. A tunnel lies ahead. Marty gets the walkie-talkie.) 
(w.t) Doc, Doc, come in! 
(Courthouse Square) 
(v.o) Come in Doc! 
(w.t) Marty, Marty, come in! 
(Biff’s Car) 
(w.t) Doc! 
(The car enters the tunnel, meaning the radio and the walkie-talkies are cut off temporally.) 
(Courthouse Square) 
(w.t) Marty? (normally) Oh my...(We see what Doc has spotted. It's the DeLorean from Part 1 under the covers! Doc goes over to it.) Great Scott! (He lifts up the covers and peers in.) Oh my God. 
(Biff’s Car) 
(The walkie-talkies seem to be working again.) 
(w.t) Doc, Doc, come in! 
(Courthouse Square) 
(w.t) Marty, what happened to you? I went to Biff's house and you weren't there. 
(Biff’s Car) 
(w.t) You must have just missed me. I'm in the back of Biff's car. He's on his way to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. 
(Courthouse Square) 
(w.t) Marty, listen, we're going to have to abort this entire plan, it's getting much too dangerous! 
(v.o) Don't worry, the book is on Biff's dashboard. 
(Biff’s Car) 
(The car has just left the tunnel.) 
(w.t) I'll grab it as soon as we get to the school. 
(Courthouse Square) 
(w.t) Marty! You must be extremely careful not to run into your other self. 
(1955 Doc appears. He makes some adjustments to his "weather experiment." Neither Doc sees the other.) 
(v.o) My other self? 
(w.t) Yes! Remember, your mother is at that exact same dance with you! Yeah! 
(v.o) Yeah, this could get heavy Doc. 
(mutters to himself) Heavy, heavy. (w.t) Whatever happens, you must not let your other self see you. The consequences could be disastrous. 
Excuse me, sir. Yes, you with the hat. 
(1985 Doc pulls down his hat so that the 1955 Doc won’t recognize him.) 
Who me? 
Yes, be a pal and hand my five-eighths wrench out of that toolbox. 
Five-eighths? Don't you mean three-quarters? 
Why, you're right. 
I presume you're conducting some sort of weather experiment. 
That's right. How did you know that? 
Oh, I happen to have a little experience in this area. 
Yes, well, I'm hoping to see some lightning tonight, although the weatherman says there is not going to be any rain. 
There's going to be plenty of rain all right. Wind, thunder, lightning. It's going to be one hell of a storm. 
Well, thanks. Nice talking to you. Maybe we'll bump into each other some time again in the future. 
Or in the past. 
(1985 Doc gets on his bike and ride off, ringing his bell. 1955 Doc looks up. That ring sounded very familiar!) 
(High School) 
(Biff gets out of his car. Marty watches him walk off, and tries to grab the almanac. Biff suddenly remembers it, and comes back for it. Marty hides away just in time. Biff re-enters the building, and Marty follows him in. He watches Biff enter the hall where the dance is being held, but Marty stays outside.) 
(w.t) Doc, Doc, come in! 
(Marty notices something. He uses the binoculars to check. It's his father, George, dancing by himself! George is there waiting to go and meet up with Lorraine and "Calvin". Marty enters the hall and travels through the dancers. He spots Biff and his gang - 3-D, Match and Skinhead - drinking liquor and reading a naughty magazine called Ooh La La. The Almanac is in Biff's pocket. Marty uses the binoculars to see Skinhead nudging Biff. Marty sees that Skinhead saw Mr. Strickland watching them. Biff and his gang walk off as Strickland walks to them. Marty pulls down his hat and follows them. Outside, Marty spots Biff and his gang standing on some stairs. Biff is reading something. 3-D is holding a bottle of liquor.) 
(o.s) Where's that punk Calvin Klein? 
(o.s) How am I supposed to know? I ain't his secretary. 
(Cut to the Gang) 
Well go find him. He cost me three hundred bucks damage to my car, and I owe him a knuckle sandwich. Get going! 
3-(offers Biff the bottle) Here you go Biff! (The gang start to walk off.) You coming? 
I'm reading. 
(The gang walk past Marty but don't see him. Marty sees a familiar car approach. It's 1955 Doc's Packard - with the Marty from Part 1 (1955 Marty and 1955 Lorraine inside! Marty turns to Biff. The almanac is in Biff's pocket. He jumps down and falls behind Biff. Biff hears a sound, but thinks nothing of it and goes back to his book. Marty almost has the almanac when Mr. Strickland walks up.) 
Well, well, well, Mr Tannen. How nice to see you here. 
Why Mr Strickland, it's nice to see you sir. 
Is that liquor I smell, Tannen? 
Uh, I wouldn't know, I don't know what liquor smells like 'coz I'm too young to drink it. 
I see. And what have we here? Sports statistics, interesting subject. Homework, Tannen? 
No, it ain't homework, 'coz, uh, I'm ain't at home. 
(Biff chuckles. Strickland doesn't find it so amusing and pushes Biff.) 
You've got a real attitude problem, Tannen. Watch it! Or one day, I'll have you right where I want you, in detention. Slacker! 
(Strickland walks off. Marty follows him (Biff goes the other way). Strickland walks past the Packard, Marty freezes beside it.) 
(o.s) Jesus, you smoke too? 
(o.s) Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother! 
(1985 Marty creeps past the car unseen as we hear Lorraine and 1955 Marty speaking.) 
When I have kids, I'm going to let them do anything they want. Anything at all. 
(in the car) I'd like to have that in writing. 
(outside the car) Yeah, me too. 
(1985 Marty walks off to catch Strickland.) 
(o.s) Marty, why are you so nervous? 
(Strickland’s Office) 
(The sign says "S S Strickland, Discipline." Marty pears in and sees Strickland pouring himself a drink He puts the almanac on his desk. Marty quietly opens the door and creeps inside, unheard. The door slowly closes. Marty gets to the desk. He moves a little American flag on the desk out of the way and leans forward to grab the almanac. However the door closes and Strickland gets up. He goes to the door, wondering what happened, then opens and closes it again before sitting down. As he walks past his desk, we see Marty underneath it. Strickland hears something outside and moves his chair to the window to take a closer look. Marty tries to grab the almanac, but just as he does Strickland moves back again, hurting Marty's hand. Strickland finishes his drink, as Marty has his hat in his mouth to stop himself from making a noise and giving himself away. Strickland leans forward and Marty "rescues" his hand. Strickland gets up and takes the almanac. He leaves and throws the almanac in the bin. Once he's sure Strickland has gone, Marty gets it out of the bin.) 
Yes! (He flicks through, but it's not the almanac! It's Biff's girl magazine, with naked women in it, called Ooh La La. It seems Biff was hiding the magazine inside the almanac cover.) No! Ooh La La? (pause) Ooh La La? Ooh La La? (He gets out the walkie-talkie.) Doc, Doc! 
(Marty is standing by the window, and we can see Doc's Packard from Part 1 outside. Outside, George walks up to Lorraine's car. Marty does not see or hear him.) 
Hey you, get your damn hands off her! (realizes who's in there) Oh! 
(w.t) Doc, dammit, come in. 
(v.o) Marty, what's up? 
(w.t) Doc, Doc, I'm in trouble, I blew it! 
(Lyon Estates) 
(w.t) Where's the book? 
(v.o) I dunno, Biff must still have it with him, all I have is the cover. 
(Strickland’s Office) 
(v.o) But where's Biff? 
(Outside, Biff has confronted George.) 
Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. 
(w.t) I dunno! 
(v.o) Well, do you have any idea where he is? 
(w.t) No, he could be anywhere by now! 
(Lyon Estates) 
(w.t) Marty, the entire future depends on you finding Biff and getting that book back! 
(Strickland’s Office) 
(Outside, Biff gets out of the car. George tries to punch him, but Biff grabs his arm and twists it, causing George to let out cries of pain.) 
(w.t) I know! I just don't know where... 
Stop it, stop it Biff! You're gonna break his arm! Stop it! 
(Marty has heard her this time!) 
Of course! (w.t) I gotta go, I got one chance, my old man's about to deck Biff! 
(Outside) 
(George hits Biff in the face. Biff falls down to the floor. George looks at his fist with a "I can't believe it! I did it!" expression and then turns to Lorraine.) 
Yes! 
(o.s) There's a fight over here, come on guys! 
Talk about deja vu. 
Are you OK? 
(He helps Lorraine up and they walk hand in hand to the gym. A crowd, including 1955 Marty and the Wallet Guy has developed. 1955 Marty checks his photograph and runs off. 1985 Marty goes over to Biff once his parents and 1955 Marty have left.) 
OK everybody, let's back up now, huh, let's backup, just everybody back up. Give him a little bit of room, OK, a little bit of air. It's OK. I know CPR, (to Wallet Guy) I know CPR. 
(Biff is beginning to wake up.) 
Hey... 
What's CPR? 
(Biff wakes up and looks at Marty.) 
(to Marty) You! 
(Marty punches him again - he falls unconscious. Marty takes the Almanac out of Biff's jacket.) 
He's fine. (He runs off.) 
Hey, did you just take his wallet? He just took that guy's wallet! 
(Lyon Estates) 
(v.o) Doc, success, I got it! 
Thank goodness. (w.t) Great Marty, as soon as I reload the fusion generator, I'll meet you on the roof of the high school gym. 
(School) 
(w.t) On the roof, 10-4. 
(Marty turns the corner to meet up with Biff's gang.) 
3-Hey, it's him! 
And he's in disguise! 
Guys, what's that? 
(He points in the other direction, they turn and look, and he pushes past them like he did with Griff's gang in 2015. Marty runs off. The gang gets up.) 
3-Come on, let's get him! 
(Lyon Estates) 
(Meanwhile the DeLorean takes off and accidentally hits the Lyon Estates billboard.) 
Damn! 
(He accidentally turns the time circuits on, and the bump causes the Destination Time to turn to JAN 01 1885 12 00. Doc doesn't notice though. The DeLorean flies off with a flag pennant attached to the rear wheel.) 
(School – The Dance) 
(Marty enters the dance. Marvin Berry is on the stage singing. 1955 Marty is also there, playing the guitar, and George and Lorraine are there dancing. George waves to 1955 Marty up on the stage. 1955 Marty waves back.) 
(singing) I'm just a fool, a fool in love, with you. 
(George and Lorraine kiss. Biff's gang enter the dance and Marty hides underneath a table, his hat falls off and he grabs it just in time.) 
(o.s) Let's do another one! 
Where'd he go? He just came in here? 
(o.s) Something that really cooks. 
(3-D spots 1955 Marty on the stage about to play Johnny B Goode.) 
3-Look. How'd he get up on stage? 
I dunno, but when he gets down we're gonna nail him. 
How the hell'd he change his clothes so fast? 
(o.s) ...an oldie where I come from. (to Starlighters) All right guys, it's a blues riff in B, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, OK? 
(Biff's gang goes up to the side of the stage as 1955 Marty starts to play. They're there waiting for him to finish the song before they nail him. Only 1985 Marty sees them. He gets out his walkie-talkie.) 
(w.t) Doc! 
(DeLorean) 
(v.o) Doc, come in! 
(w.t) Marty, come in! 
(School – The Dance) 
(w.t) Listen Doc, Biff's guys chased me into the gym and they're gonna jump...me! 
(DeLorean) 
(w.t) Then get out of there! 
(v.o) No Doc, not me, the other me, the one's that's up on stage playing Johnny B Goode! 
(w.t) Great Scott! Your other self will miss the lightning bolt at the clock tower, you won't get back to the future and we'll have a major paradox! 
(School – The Dance) 
(w.t) Wait, wait, a paradox? You mean one of those things that could destroy the universe? 
(v.o) Precisely! 
(DeLorean) 
(w.t) Marty, you have to stop those guys at all costs but without being seen by your other self - or your parents! 
(School – The Dance) 
(w.t) 10-4! 
(Parking Lot) 
(Biff wakes up again.) 
Where is he? 
Who? 
Calvin Klein. 
Who? 
The guy with the hat. Where is he? 
Oh. (He points towards the gym.) He went that away. (Biff runs to the gym.) I think he took your wallet! (He turns to the crowd.) I think he took his wallet. 
(The Dance) 
(singing) Go Johnny go, go, go; Johnny B Goode. 
(1985 Marty hums along for a few moments, realizing that he’s not half bad, then sees Biff's gang again. They are on the side platform, with weapons, waiting for 1955 Marty to finish so they can beat him up. 1985 Marty spots sandbags above Biff's gang. He climbs the rigging above the stage and slowly crawls across it. We see a view of 1955 Marty playing his guitar solo with 1985 Marty, almost hidden, climbing along the top. He is unseen. Marvin makes his phone call to his cousin Chuck. 1985 Marty tries to untie the rope holding up the sandbags.) 
Come on.... 
(He manages it, and the sandbags fall on Biff's gang. They fall unconscious. 1955 Marty goes a bit overboard, and by the time he's finished playing some rock music, the dance is silent, looking at him. 1985 Marty climbs down. 1955 Marty looks at the crowd. Strickland is covering his ears.) 
I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. 
(1985 Marty leaves the stage and gets out the walkie-talkie.) 
(w.t) Hey Doc, success, everything's cool. 
(v.o) Great, I'll be landing on the school roof in about 1 minute. 
(w.t) I'll be there. 
(Hallway) 
(1985 Marty exits through the door. 1955 Marty exits, but sees Lorraine before he gets to the door.) 
Lorraine! 
Marty, that was very interesting music. (1985 Marty watches this through the door.) I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. 
Great good, good, Lorraine. I had a feeling about you two. 
I have a feeling too. 
(Outside) 
(Biff appears at the door next to 1985 Marty, who is still watching them.) 
Hey butthead! You think that stupid disguise will get by me? Let's have it out. You and me, right now. 
No thanks. (He starts to walk away.) 
What's the matter, where are you going? 
(Inside) 
(1955 Marty heads for the door, and then turns back to the couple.) 
Oh, one other thing... 
(Outside) 
Are you, chicken? That's it, isn't it? Nothing but a little chicken. 
(Marty turns around.) 
Nobody calls me chick-
(1955 Marty exits the gym, slamming the door on his future self's head and causing 1985 Marty to fall over. Neither Marty sees the other, and Biff luckily doesn't see that there's two of them. Biff turns to 1985 Marty. He can sees that Marty has the almanac.) 
What the hell? (He takes the almanac.) You steal my stuff? (He kicks Marty in the stomach.) 
Whoa! 
And this one's for my car! 
(He kicks Marty again. Marty watches Biff get into his car. Marty gets up, minus his hat (he just leaves it there) and tries to follow Biff, but Biff drives off.) 
(The Roof) 
(Marty heads for the high school roof by running up the stairs, where he sees Doc with the DeLorean.) 
Doc? Doc, I blew it. Biff nailed me, he took the book and he drove away with it in his car. It's my fault Doc, I should have gotten out of there sooner. 
No time for that now, which way did he go? 
(pointing) East, towards the River Road Tunnel. 
Get in! 
(River Road) 
(The DeLorean flies above Biff's car, unseen. Marty gets out the binoculars.) 
There he is, Doc. Let's land on him and cripple his car. 
Marty, he's in a '46 Ford. We're in a DeLorean. He'd rip through us like we were tin foil. 
So, what do we do? 
I have a plan. 
(Biff’s Car) 
(He drives along, not noticing the flying DeLorean almost right behind him. Biff has the radio on.) 
(v.o) Repeating tonight's earlier weather bulletin, a severe thunderstorm is heading for Hill Valley. 
(Marty opens the door to the DeLorean and puts his left foot on the hoverboard, through the strap. He then takes off and grabs onto the back of Biff's car.) 
(v.o) Serving Hill Valley and all of Hill County, you're tuned to KKHV, the voice of Hill Valley. (Biff adjusts the tuning a bit. Marty looks at Doc and gives him a thumbs-up. Doc gives one back and then the DeLorean flies off.) Turning to the community calendar, the Hill Valley Women's Club Bake Sale will be held tomorrow afternoon from 2-5 at the Community Center on Horace Road. (Marty appears in the background. During the following Marty moves around the car until he's hanging onto the side of it.) For you sports fans out there, there was a lot of action today in college football. Here's what happened in the top 10. UCLA narrowly defeated Washington 19-17. (Marty sees the Sports Almanac in the back of the car.) Michigan State crushed Minnesota 42-14. (Biff grabs the almanac just as Marty tries to grab it.) Ohio State beat Iowa 20-10. Michigan blanked Indiana 30-0. (Biff is checking these results in the almanac.) 
(muttering) Shit. 
Son of a bitch! 
(v.o) Oklahoma ripped Ohio State 52-0. (Biff puts the almanac on the seat next to him. Marty spots his chance!) West Virginia lost to Pittsburgh 26-7. (Marty quietly opens the car door.) Maryland defeated Clemson 25-12. Repeating tonight's earlier weather bulletin, a severe thunderstorm is heading for Hill Valley. 
(Biff looks around and sees Marty. Marty tries to grab the almanac. Biff turns to face the front again, before suddenly realising who it is and turning round again. He grabs the book, as does Marty, and they are having a tug of war over it.) 
Don't even... give me that book! Let it go! (He kicks Marty, and the almanac flies in the air, landing on Biff's windscreen. Marty is still holding onto the car, and Biff spots some barriers ahead.) Let go of the car! (He drives around in circles, but both Marty and the almanac stay attached to it. Biff drives forward, passing a sign - "Tunnel Ahead". Biff drives towards the tunnel edge, hoping to force Marty off. Marty gets to the back of the car, and the side of the car id dented by the tunnel. Biff looks around - no Marty.) That'll teach him. 
(Biff tries to grab the almanac, but as he does so he looks in the mirror and spots Marty. Marty makes his way towards Biff. Biff elbows and punches Marty, and then spots a truck approaching in the other direction. Biff drives past, and Marty uses the hoverboard to escape - and then grabs the almanac. Letting go of Biff's car, he stops in the middle of the tunnel. Biff gets to the edge of the tunnel and turns around. Marty looks at the other end - it's some distance away! Marty puts the almanac inside his jacket and sets off. Biff revs up his car, puts his foot on the pedal and sets off after Marty.) 
Argh! (Biff is getting closer, He pus the pedal down again and laughs evilly. Marty is almost at the end of the tunnel but Biff is almost on him.) Woah! 
(He's at the end of the tunnel, when the flag pennant trails down and Marty grabs onto it. Doc, in the DeLorean, pulls Marty up to safety. Biff looks up in amazement.) 
Go Doc! 
Hold on Marty! 
(Cut to Biff’s point of view. He sees a flying futuristic car and a kid on a hovering board. He's so mesmerized he doesn't see the truck in front of him until it's too late.) 
Shit! 
(He crashes into it, and finds it's a manure truck!) 
Ha, ha, ha, yeah! 
Manure! I hate manure! 
(Lyon Estates) 
(The DeLorean flies to the billboard, and Marty lets go of the flag ribbon. He takes his foot off the hoverboard and speaks to Doc over the walkie-talkies.the lightning storm is starting.) 
(w.t) Doc, is everything all right, over? 
(v.o) 10-4 Marty, but it's very miserable flying weather. 
(DeLorean) 
(w.t) I'm going to have to turn and make a landing from this direction. I'll have to circle round and make a long approach from the south. Have you got the book? 
(Street) 
(w.t) In my hands Doc, I got it in my hands! 
(v.o) Burn it! 
(w.t) Check! 
(Marty kicks up the hoverboard and spots an old bucket. He puts the almanac in the bucket and takes out the matchbox he took from Biff's Pleasure Paradise. He lights a match and starts to burn the book. He then looks at the matchbox. The words are starting to change! Eventually they change from “Biff's Pleasure Paradise” to “Biff Auto Dealing”. Marty then pulls out the newspaper. The headline changes from “George McFly Murdered” to “George McFly Honored”.) 
(w.t) Doc, Doc, the newspaper changed! Now my father's alive! That means everything's back to normal, right? 
(DeLorean) 
(Doc pulls out the newspaper he had. The headlines change from “Emmett Brown Committed” to “Emmett Brown Commended”, “Nixon To Seek Fifth Term” to “Reagan To Seek Second Term” and “Biffco Builds New Dioxin Plant” to “Mayor Wilson Vetoes Zoning Bill”.) 
(to himself) Mission accomplished. 
(Street) 
(w.t) That means Jennifer's OK and Einie's OK, right? 
(DeLorean) 
(w.t) That's right Marty! It's the ripple effect, the future is back. Now let's go home! 
(Street) 
(w.t) Right Doc, let's get our asses back to the future... (Lightning strikes, bringing down a tree.) Doc, Doc, are you OK? 
(DeLorean) 
(w.t) That was a close one Marty, I almost bought the farm! 
(Street) 
(w.t) Be careful, you don't want to get struck by lightning-
(But Doc does. The DeLorean is struck, causing it to spin around and accelerate until it reaches 88mph. With a flash the DeLorean disappears.) 
Doc? Doc? (w.t) Doc, come in Doc. Doc, do you read me? Do you read me Doc? Come in Doc! (The pennant, which had been attached to the DeLorean, lands on the floor.) Oh no! (It starts to rain.) He's gone! (In the background, a van is approaching Marty. He doesn't notice.) The Doc's gone! 
(Marty turns round and sees the van pulling to a halt. A man gets out. ) 
Mr McFly? 
(Marty turns around to see the man. He's wearing a hat and a trench coat and looks very mysterious.) 
Huh? 
Is your name Marty McFly? 
Yeah? 
I've got something for you. A letter. 
(He pulls the letter out.) 
A letter for me? That's impossible. (He hides the walkie-talkie away.) Who the hell are you? 
Western Union. Actually a bunch of us guys at the office were kinda hoping maybe you could shed some light on the subject. You see, we've had that envelope in our possession for the past 70 years. (Marty starts opening the letter.) It was given to use with the explicit instructions that it be delivered to a young man with your description...(He gets his umbrella out.) ...answering to the name of Marty, at this exact location, at this exact minute, November 12th 1955. We had a little bet as to whether this Marty would actually be here - looks like I lost! (laughs) 
Did you say 70 years? 
Yeah, 70 years, 2 months and 12 days to be exact. Here, sign on line 6 please, here you are. 
(He gives Marty a clipboard and Marty signs on line 6. He reads the bottom of the letter - it says "'Doc' Emmett L Brown, September 1st 1885".) 
It's from the Doc! (reading) "Dear Marty, if my calculations are correct you will receive this letter immediately after you saw the DeLorean struck by lightning. First let me assure you that I am alive and well. I've been living happily these past eight months in the year 1885. The lightning bolt-" 1885?! (at bottom of letter) "September 1885!" Argh! 
No wait kid, wait a minute, what's this all about? 
He's alive! The Doc's alive! He's in the old west but he's alive! 
Tell me kid, are you all right? Do you need any help? 
There's only one man who can help me. 
(Courthouse Square) 
(1955 Doc is at the clocktower. He's on it holding the cables. He watches the DeLorean from the first movie, with 1955 Marty inside, approach the clocktower. Doc finishes connecting everything and then slides down the rope.) 
Argh! 
(The DeLorean hits 88mph and lets off blue flashes - it's about ready to travel through time. Cut to Doc. Doc gets the cable out of the branch. Lightning strikes it, and the lightning causes electricity to go down the cables, which Doc reconnects just in time, getting himself a slight electric shock as he does so.) 
Ahh! (The lightning enters the flux capacitor. 1955 Marty gets sent back to 1985. Doc dances with delight because the experiment was successful.) Yoo! It works! Ha, ha, ha! (And then he turns to the Courthouse. After looking at it, he turns to his car - and 1985 Marty comes running up to him.) 
Doc! Doc! Doc! 
What? 
Doc! 
(Doc turns and sees Marty.) 
Argh! A ghost! 
OK, relax Doc, it's me, it's me, it's Marty! 
No it can't be you...I just sent you back to the future! 
I know, you did send me back to the future, but I'm back, I'm back from the future! 
Great Scott! 
(He faints, and Marty bends down to tend to him.) 
Doc. C'mon Doc, wake up... 
(We zoom out from Marty and Doc.)
(Saturday - November 12, 1955, 10:03 PM) 
(The Clock Tower) 
(Marty #1 is in the Delorean, speeding at 88 miles per hour as in the ending of Back to the Future I.) 
Doc! 
(Marty #1 gets sent back to 1985. The 1955 Doc dances around with happiness because they were successful.) 
AHHH!! AHH!! HA! HA! HAHAHA! 
(Marty #2, who remains throughout this movie, races into view and runs toward the Doc who is still dancing.) 
Doc! Doc! Doc! DOC! DOC! 
(Doc stops dancing and turns around and sees Marty. He freaks out.) 
AHH! 
Okay, relax Doc, it's me, it's me, it's Marty! 
No it can't be you...I just sent you back to the future! 
I know, you did send me back to the future, but I'm back! I'm back from the future! 
Great Scott! 
(He faints.) 
Doc. C'mon. 
(Doc's House) 
(Marty drives Doc home in the rain following the lightening strike. He hangs up the letter from the Doc in 1885 by the fireplace to dry.) 
(The Next Morning) 
(Doc's House) 
(Marty is asleep in the chair. His feet are propped up using the hoverboard. Doc is still asleep on the couch. The TV is all snowy but suddenly the service starts working.) 
Hey kids what time is it? Howdy Doody time! 
(Doc wakes up and grabs his head, as though it hurts.) 
Great Scott! Ooh...Howdy Doody time! 
(Doc goes over and picks up his recorder. He begins to record his daily journal.) 
Date, Sunday, November 13th, 1955 7:01 AM. Last night's time travel experiment was apparently a complete success. Lightning struck the clock tower at precisely 10:04 pm sending the necessary 1.21 giggowatts into the time vehicle, which vanished in a brilliant flash of light leaving a pair of fire trails behind. I therefore assumed that Marty and the time vehicle were transported forward through time into the year 1985. After that...after that...I can't recall what happened. I don't even remember how I got home! Perhaps the giggowatt discharge coupled with the temporal displacement field generated by the time vehicle caused a disruption of my own brain waves resulting in a condition of temporary amnesia. Indeed I now recall the moments after the time vehicle disappeared ... into the future ... I saw a vision of Marty saying, "I've come back from the future." (Marty gets up behind him, and because Doc's back is to him, Doc doesn't see him.) Undoubtedly this was some sort of…
Hey Doc. Doc. (grins and waves) 
(Doc freaks out again, and starts screaming. He trips over the hoverboard trying to get away from Marty and bumps into the piano and ends up sitting on the keys.) 
Doc, calm down, OK? Just calm down, it's me, it's Marty. 
No! It can't be you I just sent you back to the future!! 
But I came back from the future, remember? Last night you fainted... I brought you home. 
This can't be happening! You can't be here! It doesn't make sense! I don't believe you are here. 
(Doc runs into the bathroom and slams the door, leaving Marty standing outside.) 
I am here, and it does make sense. I came back to 1955 with the you from 1985 to get a book back from Biff. So once we got the book back, you...that is the you from 1985...were in the Delorean when it got struck by lightning and you got sent back to 1885! 
1885? Opens door. It's a very interesting story, Future Boy, but there's one little thing that doesn't make sense. If the me in the future is now in the past, how could you possibly know about it? 
You sent me a letter. (holds up the letter.) 
(Doc's Workshop) 
(A few minutes later) 
(Doc is reading the letter out loud.) 
"If my calculations are correct, you will receive this letter immediately after you saw the Delorean struck by lightning. First, let me assure you that I am alive and well. I have been living happily these past eight months in the year 1885. The lightning bolt that hit the Delorean caused a jigowatt overload which scrambled the time circuits, activated the flux capacitor, and sent me back to 1885. The overload shorted out the time circuits and destroyed the flying circuits. Unfortunately, the car will never fly again." (He pauses and looks at Marty in amazement.) It actually flew! 
Yeah, well, you had a hover conversion done in the early twenty-first century. 
Incredible! (goes back to reading.) "I set myself up as a blacksmith as a front while I attempted to repair the damage to the time circuits. Unfortunately, this proved impossible because suitable replacement parts will not be invented until 1947. However, I've gotten quite adept at shoeing horses and fixing wagons!" (Doc turns to Marty again.) 1885! Amazing. I actually end up as a blacksmith in the Old West. 
Grinning. Pretty heavy, huh? 
(Reading again.) "I have buried the Delorean in the Delgato mine adjacent to the old Boot Hill Cemetery as shown on the enclosed map. Hopefully it will remain undisturbed and preserved until you uncover it in 1955. Inside, you will find repair instructions. My 1955 counterpart" - that's me - "should have no problem repairing it so you can drive it back to the future. Once you have returned to 1985, destroy the time machine." (He looks to Marty questioningly.) Destroy it? 
(Uncomfortable, he takes the model car from BTTF I from the trash can, looks at it and puts it back.) Yeah, well, it's a long story, Doc. 
"Do not - I repeat - do not attempt to come back here to get me. I am perfectly happy living in the fresh air and wide open spaces, and I fear that unnecessary time travel only risks further disruption of the space-time continuum. And please take care of - Einstein for me." (he turns to Marty with) Einstein? 
He's your dog, Doc - Einstein - it's what you call your dog...in 1985. 
(He walks over to a chess set, in front of which Copernicus, Doc's 1955 dog, is sitting, and begins playing the game.) 
(Doc smirks and continues reading.) "I know you will give him a good home. Remember to walk him twice a day and that he only likes canned dog food. These are my wishes. Please respect them and follow them. And so, Marty, I now say farewell and wish you Godspeed. You've been a good, kind, and loyal friend to me, and you made a real difference in my life. I will always treasure our relationship, and will think on you with fond memories, warm feelings and a special place in my heart. Your friend in time, 'Doc.' Emmett L. Brown." 
This says September 1st, 1885. I never knew I could write anything so touching. 
Standing up and going over to Doc. I know, I know Doc, it's beautiful. 
(Copernicus whines.) 
Oh, it's all right, Copernicus! Everything's going to be fine. 
I'm sorry, Doc, it's all my fault you're stuck back there. I never should've let Biff get to me. 
There are plenty worse places to be than the Old West. I could've ended up in the Dark Ages. They probably would've burned me at the stake as a heretic or something. Let's look at the map. It says here the time vehicle is buried here in a side tunnel. We may have to blast. 
(Delgato Mine) 
(Doc and Marty blow open the entrance to the mine.) 
Whoa. I think you woke up the dead with that blast. 
Take this camera... I want to document everything! 
(Delgato Mine - Inside) 
(Doc and Marty are using flashlights to try and find the spot where the Delorean is buried.) 
This reminds me of the time I attempted to reach the center of the earth. I'd be reading my favorite author, Jules Verne. I spent weeks preparing for the expedition, I didn't even get this far. Of course, I was only 12 at the time. It was the writings of Jules Verne that had a profound effect on my life. I was 11 when I first read 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. That's when I realized that I must devote my life into science. 
Doc... check it out... look at this. 
(He points to a walled off section marked by a board that has "ELB" on it.) 
My initials... just like in Journey To The Center of the Earth! That means the time machine must be right through this wall. (Doc and Marty break through the wall and find the Delorean up on blocks covered with a sheet.) It's been buried here for 70 years, 2 months, and 13 days. Astounding. 
(Later) 
(Marty is reading the letter aloud and Doc is looking at the circuit control microchip though a magnifying glass.) 
"...As you can see, the lightning bolt shorted out the time circuit control microchip. The attached she-she..." 
Schematic. 
"...schematic diagram will allow you to build a replacement unit with the 1955 components, thus restoring the time machine to perfect working order." 
Unbelievable, that his piece of junk could be such a big problem. No wonder this circuit failed... it says, "Made in Japan." 
What do you mean, Doc? All the best stuff is made in Japan. 
Unbelievable! 
(Delgato Mine - Night) 
(Doc and Marty are outside the cave now, near the cemetery, loading stuff onto Doc's pickup truck.) 
You know, when I was a kid I always wanted to be a cowboy. Now, knowing I'll spend my future in the past it sounds like a wonderful way to spend my retirement years. It just occurred to me...since I end up in 1885 perhaps I'm now in the history books. I wonder...could I go to the library and look myself up in the old newspaper archives? 
I dunno, Doc, you're the one whose always saying, you know, it's not too good to know too much about your own destiny. 
You're right, Marty ... I know too much already. Better that I not attempt to uncover the circumstances of my own... future. Copernicus! Come home boy! 
I'll get him Doc. Copernicus! 
(Copernicus is whining.) 
Come on, let's go home, boy. 
(Copernicus continues to whine.) 
What's wrong? What's wrong, Copernicus, come on, let's go home. Come on. 
(Marty finds Copernicus whining in front of a grave. He quickly shines the flashlight on the tombstone writing as he picks up Copernicus, but doesn't seem to notice it, although it is quite clear that it is marked "Here Lies Emmett Brown." Seconds later, he returns carrying Copernicus keeps his flashlight on the tombstone.) 
DOC! DOC! Come here! Quick! 
(Doc runs over to see what's wrong.) 
What's wrong, Marty? You look like you've seen a ghost. 
You're not far off, Doc. Look at this. 
(reads the tombstone) Oh! Great Scott! 
Check this out. "Died, September 7th, 1885." That's one week after you wrote the letter! "Erected in eternal memory by his beloved Clara." (Spins around to face Doc, stands up.) Who the hell is Clara??!! 
Marty, please don't stand there!! 
Oh, right, sorry. I gotta get another picture. Takes picture of tombstone. 
"...shot in the back by Buford Tannen over a matter of 80 dollars!" What kind of a future do you call that?! 
(Hill Valley Library) 
(The Library is obviously closed for the night, but Doc and Marty manage to break in and are going over old newspapers.) 
(reading from the newspaper) "Buford Tannen was a notorious gunman whose short temper and a tendency to drool earned him the nickname Mad Dog. He was quick on the trigger and bragged that he had killed 12 men, not including Indians or Chinamen." 
Does it mention me? Am I one of the twelve? 
Just a minute. "However, this claim can not be substantiated since precise records were not kept after Tannen shot a newspaper editor after printing an unfavorable story about him in 1884." That's why we can't find anything. 
(Brings over a book full of family portraits.) Look ... the William McFly family. Your relatives? 
My great-grandfather's name was William. (Lays a finger over the photograph of his ancestor.) That's him. Good looking guy. 
(William just happens to be portrayed by Michael J. Fox.) 
McFlys...but no Browns! 
Look, Doc, maybe it was mistake. Maybe that grave wasn't yours. There could've been another Emmett Brown back in 1885. Did you have any relatives here back then? 
(shakes his head 'no') The Browns came to America in 1908, and then they were the Von Brauns. My father changed our name in World War I. 
Doc! Look! 
(Thumbing through photos, he has found a picture of Doc on September 5, 1885 in front of the brand new clock now in the clock tower.) 
Oh! Great Scott! It's me! Then it is true. All of it. It is me who goes back there...and gets shot. 
It's not gonna happen Doc. (Doc looks at him.) After you fix the time circuits and put new tires on the Delorean, I'm going back to 1885 and I'm bringing you home. 
(Drive-In - Day) 
(Marty is in the bathroom changing into western style clothing while Doc is outside putting last minute touches on the Delorean.) 
The clothes fit? 
(os) Yeah! Everything except the boots, Doc. They're kind of tight! I dunno, are you sure this stuff is authentic? 
Of course. Haven't you ever seen a Western? 
(Marty comes out of the bathroom and he's dressed in a frilly pink western shirt and red-ish pants that look very un-authentic.) 
Yeah, I have Doc, but Clint Eastwood never wore anything like this. 
Clint who? 
That's right. You haven't heard of him yet. 
Marty, you have to wear the boots. You can't wear those futuristic things in 1885. You shouldn't even be wearing them in 1955. (Indicating his Nike's.) 
All right, Doc, look. Once I get there I'll put them on, I promise. 
Okay, I think we're about ready. I put gas in the tank, your future clothes are packed, just in case fresh batteries for your walkie-talkies. Oh, and what about that floating device? 
Hoverboard. 
Alright. (he picks up the hoverboard and puts it in the Delorean.) 
You know Doc, it's gonna be a hell of long walk back to Hill Valley from here. 
It's still the safest plan. After all, we can't risk sending you back to a populated area, or to a spot that's geographically unknown. You don't want to crash into some trees that once existed in the past. This is all completely open country! So you'll have plenty of run-out space when you arrive. Remember where you're going there are no roads. There's a small cave over there which will be a perfect place to hide the time vehicle. Well, the new time circuit control tubes are warmed up! (starts the Delorean) Time circuits on. I wrote the letter on September 1st, so we'll send you back the very next day. September 2nd, that's a Wednesday. September 2nd, 1885, 8 AM. I get shot on Monday the 7th, so you have 5 days to locate me. According to my letter I'm a blacksmith, so I probably have a shop somewhere. All you have to do is drive the time vehicle directly towards that screen accelerating at 88 miles per hour. 
Wait a minute, Doc. If I drive straight towards the screen, I'll crash into those Indians. (Indicating a mural painting of Indians behind the movie screen.) 
Marty. You're not thinking fourth dimensionally! You'll instantly be transported to 1885, and those Indians won't even be there. 
Right. 
Well, good luck, for both of our sakes. See you in the future. (pats Marty on the shoulder.) 
You mean the past. 
Exactly!(he moves off to the side so he won't get run over.) Ready Marty? 
(starting up car) Ready! 
Set! (aims the pistol into the air.) 
(mumbling) Hi ho silver. 
(Doc shoots off the pistol and Marty hits the gas and drives right towards the screen full of Indians. The BTTF theme is played.) 
Viya con dios! 
(Marty hits 88 MPH and is transported back to 1885.) 
(1885) 
(As Marty looks ahead he sees that the fake Indians from the screen have turned into full fledged Indians and they are heading straight towards him.) 
INDIANS! 
(An Indian drumbeat begins to play.) 
AHHHH!! (He spins around and spots the cave Doc had talked about earlier.) The cave! (He drives toward the cave and watches the Indians and their horses leaping over the cave. Marty climbs out of the cave thinking he's safe, but then he sees the Calvary chasing the Indians.) Shit, the cavalry!! (He runs back into the cave. Once he's sure that the coast is clear he checks out the Delorean for damages and sees an arrow that an Indian shot into the car. He pulls it out and sees liquid leaking out of the car.) Damn, I ripped the fuel line. (He opens the door of the Delorean and takes out his books and the photo of Doc's tombstone. He stuffs the picture in his pocket. He stands there for a moment, as if trying to figure out what to do next, when suddenly he hears the sound of a roar. He looks up to see a giant brown bear standing only a few feet away.) AHHH!! AHH!! (The bear roars again and stands up on its hind legs.) AHH!! AH! AH! WHO WHO! (Marty takes off running out of the cave. The bear follows him. Marty drops his boots in his hurry to escape and the bear stops and sniffs the boots and then decides the boots are better to play with. Marty keeps on running, and while looking back to see if the bear is following him, he trips and slides down a hill. He crashes into a fence at the bottom of the hill and passes out.) 
Maggie! (We see a boot shot of Seamus first, then the rest of his body. He is played by Michael J. Fox and talks with an Irish accent.) Fetch some water, we got a hurt man here! 
(McFly Farm - Bedroom) 
(Marty is asleep in a darkened bedroom. Suddenly he wakes up.) 
Mom...Mom, is that you? 
(with Irish accent) There there now, you've been asleep for nearly 6 hours now. 
I had this horrible nightmare. It was terrible. I dreamed I was in a western...I was being chased by Indians. And a bear. 
Well, you're safe and sound, here now at the McFly farm. 
McFly farm! AHH!! (Sits up in bed. He is in a log cabin, a single room with a bed. A woman is sitting at a desk on a chair near the bed.) Well you're my-my - my... (Suddenly realizing that although he knows the last name, he doesn't know which member of the family this is.) Who are you? 
Name's McFly. Maggie McFly. 
McFly. Maggie. 
That's Mrs. McFly, and don't you be forgettin' the misses! And what might your name be sir? 
Well, it's Mc…(he stops suddenly realizing that he shouldn't tell her his real name.) Eastwood...uh...Clint...Clint Eastwood? (grins sheepishly) 
You hit your head, Mr. Eastwood. Not too serious, but lucky for you, Seamus found you when he did. 
Seamus? 
Me husband. You'll be excuse me Mr. East-wood, while I tend to William. 
William. 
(He gets up and checks to see that his pants are still on, and then goes into the other room to see Maggie bouncing a crying baby in her arms, cooing.) 
That's William? 
Aye! William Shaun McFly, the first of our family to be born in America! Ahh, its okay Will! Here's Mr. Clint Eastwood...this is him. (William stops crying and stares at Marty. Maggie looks at Marty.) He already likes you, Mr. Eastwood. 
(The door flies open.) 
Maggie. (Slams a dead deer down on the table.) I got supper. 
(Later) 
(Seamus and Marty are sitting at the table while Maggie tends to them.) 
I'm not one to pry into a man's personal affairs but how is it that you came to be way out here, without a horse? Or boots? Or a hat? 
Well my car - horse broke down and a bear ate my boots. And I guess I just forgot my hat. 
How could you forget a thing like your hat? Would you like some water? 
Yeah, thanks. (Maggie pours him a glass of very dirty water. Marty just stares at it.) 
I'll tell you what I'll do, Mr. Eastwood. I'll help you find your blacksmith friend. You can stay the night in the barn. And tomorrow, I'll take you as far as the railroad tracks...you can follow them straight on in into town. I'll even give you a hat. 
(Maggie slams down plate at the kitchen counter, and crosses herself in the Catholic fashion.) 
That's great. Thanks. 
(William begins crying again and Seamus gets up to hold him.) 
Ahh. Woogie William. Woogie William. Ohh, yes. (Sits down at table again with William.) I think you'll find the barn comfortable. I've never had any complaints about it from the pigs. (Laughs.) 
Seamus. A word with you. 
Aye. (Stands up and moves as if to hand William to Marty.). Will you hold him for a minute? (He hands William to and then goes to the bedroom to talk to Maggie.) 
(Bedroom) 
You sure you're not after bringing a curse on this house, taking him in like that. Such a strange young man. 
Aye, but I've just got a feeling about him Maggie. It's the right thing to do. It's important. Look how the baby takes to him. Little Will never takes to strangers. It's almost as if...he's connected to us. 
(Kitchen Table) 
(talking to William) Hey, Will. So you're my great-grandfather...the first McFly born in America. (Raises Will up to see the baby peeing.) And you're peeing on me. 
(Hill Valley) 
(Marty is walking up the train tracks and he comes to the Train Station. He walks around town and we see lots of shots of Hill Valley in 1885.) 
Give me some soap, Frank. 
Here you go. 
(He sees a bathing house and a butcher chopping meat. He sees a banner above that advertises the "Hill Valley Festival" on September 5th, 1885. He sees an A. Jones Manure wagon on the side of the road. He sees a horse-drawn wagon driving by. Marty then sees the clock tower being built in the square.) 
Hyah! 
(Marty gets out of the way right before a horse-drawn carriage runs over him. There is a clearing of dust and we see Marty staring at his shoes, now covered with horse poop. He walks into the saloon.) 
(Saloon) 
(Three old men are sitting at a table in the saloon talking amongst themselves.) 
Take a look at what just breezed in the door. 
Why I didn't know the circus was in town! 
Looks like he got that shirt off'n a dead Chinee. 
(The others laugh) 
(to Marty) What'll it be, stranger? 
Uh...I'll have...uh...ice water. 
Ice water? (laughs) 
Water? You want water, you better go dunk your head in the horse trawl back there. (The old men laugh) In here... we pour whiskey. (He takes out a bottle of whiskey and pours a small glass. Marty stares at it. There is steam coming from the glass.) 
Excuse me. I'm trying to find a blacksmith. 
Hey McFly... thought I done told you never to come in... 
(Marty turns and we see a mean looking guy, who looks a little like Biff Tannen, with his gang behind him.) 
You ain't Seamus McFly. Walking towards the counter. You look like him though. 'Specially with that dawg ugly hat. (his gang laughs. Marty just rolls his eyes and takes the hat off.) You kin to that hay barber? (Marty doesn't reply.) What's your name, dude? 
Uh...Martin…(realizes his mistake) Eastwood. Clint Eastwood. 
What kind of stupid name is that? 
I'd say he's the runt of the litter. 
(goes over to Marty and shows the others Marty's white teeth.) Take a look, see these pearly whites! I ain't seen teeth that straight weren't store bought. 
Take a look at them moccasins. What kind of skins is them? What's that writing mean...Neekay...what is that, some sort of Injun talk or something? (laughs.) 
(The Bartender begins to pour them all some whiskey, but the Gang Leader stops him.) 
Bartender...I'm looking for that no good cheatin' blacksmith. You seen him? 
Scared. No, sir, Mr. Tannen, I have not. 
Tannen. You're Mad Dog Tannen. 
Tannen (formerly Gang Leader)Mad Dog? (Everyone in the saloon runs and hides, but Marty stays where he is.) I hate that name. I hate it, you hear? Nobody calls me Mad Dog. 'Specially not some, duded-up, egg sucking, gutter trash. (He points a gun at Marty's feet and shoots, causing Marty to jump to save his feet.) 
AHH! 
Dance! Fires shot. Come on! (Fires a shot while his gang members laugh.) Come on, runt, you can dance… (shoots again) …better than that! 
(Marty keeps his feet going. When the dust clears we see that he's doing Michael Jackson's moonwalk.) 
Uh...uh...Billy Jean is not my lover-kicking feet-whoo! 
(He does a spin and a jump at the end, and manages to jump on a loose wooden plank. At the other end of the plank is a barrel full of tobacco spit, and it goes flying and spills all over Tannen. Tannen draws his gun and pulls the trigger, but luckily enough for Marty, Tannen is out of bullets. Marty hurries to get out of the saloon but he trips and hits the old men's table.) 
You better run, squirrel! 
Y'all get him!!! 
(Marty climbs over tables and swings on the chandelier before finally getting out of the saloon. But the gang is in hot pursuit. Marty runs like crazy.) 
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! 
(Outside) 
(The gang continues to chase Marty and since they are now on horses they mange to catch up to him very quickly. Tannen swings a rope over his head like a lasso and throws it over Marty's neck. They drag him towards the Clock Tower.) 
Ahh!! 
We got ourselves a new courthouse...high time we had a hangin'! 
Oh, oh God, hu... 
(Tannen tightens the noose around Marty's neck and they hoist him up so that he is hanging from the rope with his feet dangling. Tannen and his gang are enjoying this. From a short distance away a man steps into view. We only see that he is wearing boots and a long coat. He holds a long gun in his hand. Neither the gang or Marty have seen him yet.) 
Haven't had a hanging in a long time! 
(The man points the gun and fires. He severs the rope that is holding Marty up and Marty falls to the ground taking a very deep breath. The gang looks at the man for the first time and raise their guns.) 
It'll shoot the fleas off a dogs back at 500 yards, Tannen, and its pointed straight at your head!! 
(Tannen motions to his gang and they all lower their guns.) 
You owe me money, blacksmith. 
How do ya figure? 
My horse threw his shoe. Seein' you was the one who done the shoeing, I figures you was responsible. 
Well since you never paid me for the job I say that makes us even! 
Wrong! See I was on my horse when he threw his shoe and I got throwed off. And that just caused me to bust a perfectly good bottle of fine Kentucky Redeye. So the way I figure, blacksmith, you owe me five dollars for the whiskey, and seventy-five dollars for the horse. 
(realizing) That's eighty dollars! 
Look, if your horse threw his shoe, bring him back and I'll re-shoe him! 
I done shot that horse! 
Well that's your problem, Tannen! 
Wrong. That's yours. So from now on, you better be lookin' behind you when you walk. 'Cause one day you gonna get a bullet in your back. Let's go! 
(Tannen and his gang all ride off. Marty smiles sheepishly at Doc. He speaks hoarsely.) 
Doc... 
Marty...I gave you explicit instructions not to come here but to go back directly to 1985. 
I know Doc...but I had to c…
But its good to see ya, Marty. (They hug.) Marty, you're gonna have to do something about those clothes. You walk around town dressed like that and you're liable to get shot. 
(rubs his neck) Or hanged. 
What idiot dressed you in that outfit? 
(smiles and claps Doc on the shoulder) You did. 
(Blacksmith Shop) 
(Marty is changing into more suitable Western clothes. Doc is studying the photo of the tombstone with a magnifying glass.) 
"Shot in the back by Buford Tannen over a matter of 80 dollars!" September seventh! That's this Monday! Now I wish I'd paid him off! He points to the text at the bottom of the tombstone and talks to Marty. And whose this beloved Clara? I don't know anyone named Clara. 
I dunno, Doc. I thought maybe she was a girlfriend of yours. 
Marty. My involvement in such a social relationship, here in 1885, the result is a disruption of the space-time continuum. As a scientist, I can never take that risk, certainly not after we've already been through. 
(A carriage pulls up outside and a man climbs out.) 
Emmett! Ho Emmett! 
(looks outside through the open door.) Hubert! (whispers to Marty.) It's the mayor! 
Excuse me Emmett. You remember last week at the town meeting when you volunteered to meet the new school teacher at the station after she came in? 
Oh yes, quite so. 
Well, we just got word she's comin' in tomorrow. Here are the details for ya. Thanks for all your help. (heads back out to his carriage.) 
Anytime, Hubert! 
(stops and turns back.) Oh, her name's Miss Clayton. Clara Clayton. 
(Doc looks up in shock. Marty is surprised as well. The Mayor leaves.) 
Well, Doc, now we know who Clara is. 
Marty. It's impossible. The idea that I could fall in love at first sight? It's romantic nonsense. There's no scientific rationale to that. 
Laughing. C'mon, Doc, it's not science. You meet the right girl, it just hits ya; it's like lightning. 
Marty, please don't say that! 
That's the way it was for me and Jennifer. Man, we couldn't keep our eyes off each other! God, Jennifer, damn, I hope she's alright, Doc. I can't believe we just left her there on the porch! 
Don't worry, Marty, she'll be fine. When you burned the almanac in 1955, the normal timeline was restored. That means once we're back in 1985, you just have to go over to the house to wake her up. 
(A giant machine begins working.) 
Oh, Marty, turn that valve over there all the way to the right. Yeah, turn it all the way around. Okay let's go! 
(The machine continues to work. Doc holds a pan next to a pipe. Suddenly a small brownish square shoots out. Doc picks it up with some tongs and drops it into a beaker of tea. He rattles it and offers it to Marty.) 
Iced tea? 
No, thanks. (Doc takes a drink and then sets the beaker down. Marty looks at the machine with a new-found respect for the Doc.) It's a refrigerator! 
(moves off) Well, I guess Miss Clayton will have to find other transportation. Turning to face Marty. If I never meet the woman, there's no possibility of a romantic infatuation, right? 
You're the doc, Doc. 
Alright then. Let's get the Delorean and get ourselves back to the future! 
(casually) Oh Doc, I tore a hole in the gas tank. We'll have to patch it up and get gas. 
(Freezes in place) You mean we're out of gas? 
(still casual) Yeah, no big deal, we got Mr. Fusion, right? 
Mr. Fusion powers the time circuits and the flux capacitor. But the internal combustion engine runs on ordinary gasoline; it always has. There's not going to be a gas station around here until some time in the next century. Without gasoline, we can't get the Delorean up to 88 miles per hour. 
So what'll we do? 
(Open Plain) 
(Outside of Hill Valley Doc and Marty are trying to find out how fast a pack of horses can run. They are sitting on the tope of the Delorean which is being pulled by horses. Marty is holding some type of speed device.) 
Ya! Ya! 
24! 
It's no use Marty! Even the fastest horse in the world can't run more than 35, 40 miles an hour. Ya! Ya! Ya! 
(Blacksmith Shop) 
(Marty is trying to start the Delorean while Doc pours some type of alcohol into the tank.) 
Bartender says that's the strongest stuff they got. 
Try it, Marty. 
(Marty tries to start the car, but it won't turn over.) 
Need more gas... 
(Marty gives it more gas and suddenly there is a loud boom from the back of the car, and something falls off the car.) 
Damn! It blew the fuel injection manifold. Strong stuff all right. (holds up the broken part to show Marty.) It'll take me a month to rebuild it. 
A month? Doc, you're gonna get shot on Monday! 
(moves over to his desk by the window) I know, I know, I know! I wish...wait. I've got it! We can roll it down a steep hill...no, we'd never find a smooth enough surface. Unless...of course...ice. Eyes widening. We can wait until winter...when the lake freezes over... 
Winter! Doc! Monday! It's three days away! 
Wait. Let's just think this thing through logically. We know it can't run on its own power, and we know we can't pull it. But, if we can figure out a way to push it up to 88 mph...huh? 
(Suddenly the train whistle blows outside. Doc turns and looks out the window and sees the train.) 
That's it! 
(Train Station) 
(Marty and Doc are standing next to the train talking to the conductor.) 
How fast she can go? Why, I've powered her up to 55 myself. I hear that fearless Frank Fargo got one of these up to near 70 out past Verde Junction. 
Is it possible to get it up to 90? 
Laughing. 90? Tarnations, son, why'd ya ever be in such a hurry? 
Well, it's just a little bet that he and I have, that's all. Theoretically speaking, could it be done? 
Well, I suppose if you had a straight stretch of track with a long level grade, and you weren't hauling no cars behind you...and if you could get the fire hot enough...I mean hotter than the blazes of hell and tarnations...well yes, you might be able get her up that fast. 
When's the next train coming through here? 
Monday morning at 8 o'clock. 
(A few minutes later Doc and Marty are studying a map on the wall of the train station.) 
Here. (points to a spot on the map) This spur runs off the main line 3 miles down to Clayton Ravine. There's a long stretch of track that will still exist in 1985. This is where we'll push the DeLorean with the locomotive. Funny, this map calls Clayton ravine Shonash Ravine. Must be an old Indian name for it. It's perfect. Nice long run that goes clear across the bridge over the ravine, you know, over near that Hilldale housing development. 
Right, Doc, but according to this map...indicating map...there is no bridge. 
(Shonash Ravine) 
(Doc and Marty are standing at the very edge of the tracks that end just at the Ravine. They walk back towards their horses.) 
Well, Doc, we can scratch that idea. I mean, we can't wait around a year and a half for this thing to get finished. 
Marty...it's perfect! You're just not thinking fourth dimensionally! 
Right, right. I have a real problem with that. 
Don't you see? The bridge will exist in 1985. It's safe and still in use. Therefore, as long as we get the Delorean up to 88 miles per hour before we hit the edge of the ravine, we'll instantaneously arrive at a point in time where the bridge is completed. We'll have track under us, and coast safely across the ravine! 
What about the locomotive? 
Grinning. It'll be a spectacular wreck. Too bad no one will be around to see it. 
(os) Ahhh!! help me! 
(Doc turns around and spots a woman on a buckboard that's gone out of control. He jumps on his horse.) 
Great Scott! (he takes off after her) Git! 
(follows Doc) Hah! 
(Doc catches up with the woman and motions for her to jump onto his horse.) 
Jump! 
(The woman gets off the wagon just in time. The horses make a sudden turn and the wagon falls into the Ravine.) 
(stopping his horse) Whoa. 
(The woman's hat is obscuring her face.) 
Oh, thank you, sir, you saved my...(she lifts her hat and sees Doc.)...life. 
(They are both immediately taken with each other.) 
Emmett Brown, at your service, Miss... 
Um...um...Clayton. Clara Clayton. 
(Marty quickly pulls out the photo of the tombstone and looks at it. He looks from the photo to Doc and Clara.) 
Clara. What a beautiful name. 
(Later) 
(The three of them are riding towards Clara's cabin near the school. Marty is pulling along a single horse that carries Clara's things. Doc and Marty unload the stuff onto her porch.) 
May I help you inside with these? 
Oh no, that won't be necessary. You've done more than enough already. 
But it's really no trouble. 
Doc, she says it's fine, and we gotta get goin'. (to Clara) Ma'am, good luck with the school teachin' and everything. 
Clara, I'll straighten everything out with Mr. Statler from the buckboard rental ... don't you worry about that. I feel someone's responsible for what happened. 
Oh, well, that would be very gentlemanly of you, Mr. Brown...Emmett. You know, I'm almost glad that snake spooked those horses. Otherwise, we might never have met. I suppose it was destiny. Well, thank you for everything. 
You're quite welcome. 
I will...see you again, won't I? 
Of course, you'll see lots of me, I'm sure, I have a shop in town. I'm a local scientist...uh...uh...blacksmith. 
Science? What sort of science? Astronomy? Chemistry? 
Actually I'm a student of all sciences. 
Hey Doc, we gotta get goin'. 
Oh yes, well, excuse us Clara, we have to get...going. Toodle-oo. 
(Doc waves at Clara and she waves back before going inside. Doc and Marty get on their horses and ride away.) 
What do ya mean, you're gonna be seein' lots of her, Doc? 
Well...I might see her again, just in passing. 
(laughs) C'mon, Doc, did you see the way she was looking at you? 
Well, she did have quite a scare, right? After all, Miss Clayton almost ended up at the bottom of Clayton Ravine. (he stops as he realizes what he just said) Clayton Ravine... 
Holy shit! Hey Doc! Clayton Ravine was named after a teacher. They say she fell in there a hundred years ago. 
A hundred years ago! That's this year! 
Every kid in school knows that story because we all have teachers we'd like to see fall into the ravine. 
Great Scott! (he stops his horse) Then she was supposed to go over in that wagon...and now, I may have seriously altered history. 
Look, Doc, what's the worst that could happen, huh? So they don't name the ravine after her. Let's just get the Delorean ready and get the hell out of here. 
I wish I'd never invented that infernal time machine...it's caused nothing but disaster. 
(He rides away slowly. After a moment Marty follows him.) 
(Blacksmith shop.) 
(Marty is in the back of the shop talking quietly into a walkie-talkie.) 
Doc, Doc, this is Marty. Can you read me? Over. 
(Doc is at the front of the shop, and he hears Marty through his walkie-talkie.) 
Check, Marty. 
(into walkie-talkie) Great Doc, these things still work. 
Alright. (he and Marty walk over to a small model of Hill Valley) Marty, once more lets go over the entire plan and layout. I apologize for the crudity of this model... 
(probably remembering the 1955 Doc's model of the Hill Valley square the night of the thunderstorm.) Yeah, I know, Doc, it's not to scale. It's okay, Doc. 
Alright. Tomorrow night, Sunday, we'll load the DeLorean on to the tracks here on the spur right by the old abandoned silver mine. The switch track is where the spur runs off the main line 3 miles into Clayton...Shonash Ravine. The train leaves the station at 8:00 Monday morning. We'll stop it here, uncouple the cars from the tender, throw the switchtrack, and hijack - borrow the locomotive and use it to push the time machine. According to my calculations we'll hit 88 miles per hour just before we hit the edge of the ravine, at which point we'll instantaneously arrive in 1985 and coast safely across the completed bridge. 
What does this mean? (points to a small sign) Point of no return? 
That's our failsafe point. Up until that point we can stop the locomotive before it plunges over the ravine. But once we pass that windmill, it's the future or bust. 
(Later) 
(Doc and Marty are going to try out the model train to make sure that everything will work out.) 
Here you go, Marty. Connect that to the positive terminal. All right, Marty, you all set? 
Yeah, yeah, go. 
Train pulling out of the station! Coming up the switch track! Stop at switch track! Throw switch! Pulling up the Delorean! Pushing the Delorean up to 88 miles per hour! (the model train falls off the table with the model car and onto a pillow on the ground. Doc catches the model Delorean before it hits the ground.) It couldn't be simpler! 
(There is a knock on the door.) 
Hello? Emmett? 
It's Clara! Quick, cover the Delorean. 
(Marty and Doc quickly throw a sheet over the Delorean and Marty hides the model car behind his back. Clara opens the door and walks in.) 
Hello. 
Why, hello. This is quite a surprise. 
Well, I hope I'm not disturbing anything. 
Oh no, we were just doing a little model railroad. 
Emmett, when my bags were thrown from the wagon, my telescope was damaged. And since you expressed an interest...in science, I thought you might be able to repair it for me. (pause) I would pay you, of course. 
Oh, no, no, no, I wouldn't think of charging you for this. (Marty sighs and runs his hand through his hair.) Well, let's have a look at it. (he pulls out the telescope and looks through it.) 
I think the lens may be out of alignment, because if you move it this way, the image turns fuzzy, see? But if you turn it ... the other way... 
(Doc lowers the telescope and they gaze at each other.) 
...everything becomes clear. 
(They move as if they are about to kiss so Marty clears his throat loudly. Doc and Clara step away from each other quickly. Clara moves towards the door.) 
I will repair it right away and have it for you tonight. 
Oh, tonight's the town festival. I wouldn't dream of having you work on my telescope during such an important event. You are...planning on attending, aren't you? 
Well, actually ma'am... 
Of course, the festival... 
(Marty gives Doc a look, but doesn't say anything.) 
Well, in that case, I'll see you this evening at the festival, Emmett. Mr. Eastwood. 
Ma'am. 
(to Doc) Thank you...for taking care of my telescope. 
You're quite welcome. 
(Clara leaves and Doc stands there with this puppy love look on his face. Marty walks over to him after a moment.) 
It's a nice telescope. 
(Clock Tower) 
(The Festival is about to begin. Everyone is gathered at the Clock Tower to witness this event take place.) 
Ladies and gentlemen! As mayor of Hill Valley, it gives me great pleasure to dedicate this clock to the people of Hill County. May it stand for all time! (everyone cheers) Tell me when, gentlemen! 
3...2...1...now! 
(The Mayor starts the clock.) 
Let the festivities begin! 
(Doc and Marty are watching all this happen from a few yards away.) 
Y'know Marty, in a way it's fitting that you and I are here to witness this. 
Too bad I didn't bring my camera. 
(Suddenly there is a big flash of light near the clock as some people have their photo taken by a old-timey photographer. Doc and Marty look at each other with an idea.) 
(A few minutes later Marty and Doc are standing in front of the newly running clock.) 
Ready, gentlemen? 
(aside to Marty) The only problem is we'll never be able to show it to anybody. 
Smile, Doc. 
(There is a big flash and Marty and Doc stand there like they're blind.) 
(The Festival) 
(An old time band is playing.) 
YEE HA!! 
(The music begins. Doc and Marty stand off to the side and watch.) 
What great music! 
Yeah; it's got a beat and you can dance to it! 
(os) Step right up, gentlemen, and test your mettle with the latest products from Colonel Samuel Colt's Patent firearms of Hartford, Connecticut. Take this model for example. (Marty turns and watches the gun demonstration.) The new, improved and refined Colt Peacemaker. Available to you tonight for the low, low price of $12. 
(Doc spots Clara talking with some people and he smiles. Clara looks up and sees him and she smiles back. She walks over to him.) 
Good evening. 
Evening. 
You look very...nice. 
Thank you. 
Would you like...uh...would you care to, uh... 
I'd love to. 
(Doc and Clara go out onto the dance floor.) 
(Marty is still watching the gun demonstration.) 
(to Marty) Young man, want to give it a try? 
No, no, thanks. Hey Doc, this... (He realizes that Doc isn't there and he looks out onto the dance floor.) 
Son! Sonny boy! 
(Marty ignores the salesman. He keeps his eyes on Doc and Clara as they begin to dance.) 
The doc can dance?! 
Son! Son! Son! (He nudges Marty's shoulder with the barrel of the gun. Marty finally turns around.) Hey! I just told you that even a baby can handle this weapon. Surely you're not afraid to try something that a baby can do. 
Hey, I'm not afraid of anything. 
Well, then, step right up like a man. (Hands Marty a gun in front of a little diorama of the Old West in a box.) Now, what you do is just ease that hammer back there and squeeze off a round. (Marty points the gun into to the diorama but the man shakes his head and guides his hand upward.) No, no, no, right on out there and be real smooth. That's how you do it. 
(Marty takes a shot and it's way off the mark.) 
Hey listen, can I try that again? 
Sure, go ahead. 
(Marty shoots several times and each time he hits his mark. The salesman is at a loss as Marty holds the gun back out to him.) 
Hey, just tell me one thing...where'd you learn to shoot like that? 
(in all seriousness.) Seven-Eleven. 
(Festival Entrance) 
(Tannen and his gang approach the festival on horseback.) 
Buford, you sure that blacksmith is gonna be at this here shindig? 
Sure he's here. Everybody's here tonight. 
You gentlemen are gonna have to check your firearms if you want to join in on the festivities. 
(laughs) And who's gonna make us, tender-foot...you? 
I am. (Buford turns to see Marshall Strickland with a rifle aimed at Buford's shoulder.) 
Marshall Strickland. I didn't know you was back in town. 
If you can't read the sign, Tannen, I presume you can read this. (He pats his rifle.) 
Pretty tough hombre when you're pointin' a scattergun at a man's back. 
Just like you, Tannen, I take every advantage I can get. Now are you gonna check your iron? 
I was joking with your deputy. Of course I'm going to check my iron. We all were, weren't we boys? 
(They all give over their guns.) 
Yeah. Right. Tannen...your knife, too. 
(Angry, Tannen takes the knife that was concealed in his boot and throws it like a dart onto a table nearby. Then he faces the Marshall.)Smile, Marshall. After all this is a party. 
The only party I'll be smilin' at is the one that sees you at the end of a rope. 
(Tannen and the Marshall glare at each other.) 
Have fun. 
(to his son) That's how you handle them, son, never give them an inch. Maintain discipline at all times. Remember that word...discipline. 
Solemnly. I will, Pa. 
(The Festival) 
(Marty is off to the side of the dance floor eating some pie out of a tin plate. Seamus and Maggie run into him there.) 
Why, Mr. Eastwood. Nice to see ya. I see you got yourself some respectable clothes, lad. And a fine hat. 
Yeah, well, a couple other people didn't like the way the other one looked on me. 
Sure that one suits you Mr. Eastwood. Very good for you. 
Ahh...thanks. (he finishes off the pie and looks at the bottom of the tin plate which says 'Frisbee'.) Hey...Frisbee. Far out. (he grins as he sets the tin down and then walks away.) 
(Seamus and Maggie just look after him for a minute.) 
What was the meaning of that? 
It was right in front of him. 
Aye. 
(Tannen and his gang are still looking for Doc.) 
There he is, Buford. 
Where? 
Right there. (points to the dance floor) Dancing with that piece of calico. 
What are ya gonna do, boss? 
(he holds up a very tiny gun) I figure...I'll bury this muzzle deep enough in his back, nobody'll hear the shot. 
Careful, Buford, you only got the one bullet with that. 
I only need one. 
(Tannen walks over to where Doc and Clara are still dancing. Suddenly Doc feels the tiny gun at his back and freezes with a look of terror on his face. Clara stops with him.) 
I told you to watch your back, Smithy. 
(surprised) Tannen. But you're early. 
It's a Derringer, Smithy. Small but effective. Last time I used it the fella took two days to die. Bled to death inside, it was real painful. (the gang laughs) That means you'd be dead by about suppertime Monday. 
I don't know who you think you are, but we're dancing. 
Well looky what we have here...introduce me to the lady; I'd like a dance. 
(Doc turns around to face Tannen with a brave and determined look on his face. Now Tannen moves the gun barrel to his throat.) 
I wouldn't give you the pleasure; you'll just have to go ahead and shoot. 
Alright. 
(realizing they're in danger) No, Emmett. I'll dance with him. 
Boys, keep the blacksmith company while I get acquainted with the fil. (He pushes Doc aside and his gang members take a hold of each of his arms.) WOO...HA HA HA! YEAH. OOOH. 
I don't dance very well when my partner has a gun in his hand. 
Well, you'll learn. (to Doc) You know, Smithy, I may just take my $80 worth outta her. (Doc struggles to get free) WOO...HAHAHA! YEAH. (to Clara) I bet there's somethin' you can do that's worth $80. 
I'm afraid you've underestimated me, Mister. 
Have I now? 
(Clara jerks back and kicks Tannen hard in the shins. He cringes in pain and Clara backs up. The music dies and everyone stops dancing at this turn of events. Doc gets free.) 
Stop it! Damn you, Tannen! 
No, I damn you. 
(He draws his gun and aims at Doc. Marty sees what's going on from his vantage point at the banquet table. He grabs the Frisbee plate.) 
I damn you to hell! 
(At the very same moment that Tannen fires his gun Marty throws the plate. It deflects the bullet and it shoots off Doc's hat instead. Doc is very stunned. Tannen whips around to see who's stopped him from shooting Doc.) 
You! 
Hey, lighten up, jerk! 
(Tannen turns to his gang members, who shrug in response.) 
Mighty strong words, runt! You man enough to back that up with more than just a pie plate?! 
(backs down) Look, just leave my friends alone. (he turns to walk away) 
What's wrong, dude, you yella? (Marty stops in mid-step and turns slowly to face Tannen.) That's what I thought. Yellow belly. 
Nobody... calls me yellow. 
Let's finish it...right now. 
Uh, not now, Buford...Marshall's got our guns. 
Like I said, we'll finish this tomorrow. 
Tomorrow we're robbin' the Pine City Stage. 
(Tannen turns in exasperation to his gang behind him.) 
How 'bout Monday? We doin' anything on Monday? 
(Gang members look at each other and shake their heads.) 
No, Monday be fine... you can kill him on Monday. 
(to Marty) I'll be back this way on Monday. We'll settle this then. Right there out in the street, in front of the Palace Saloon. 
Yeah, right, well, when? (sarcastically) High noon? 
Noon? I do my killin' before breakfast. Seven o'clock! 
(tries to put up a brave front) Eight o'clock. (again gaining confidence) I do my killin' after breakfast. 
Marty...no. 
(Clara looks at him then and he casually changes his expression to smiling and stops talking to Marty. Seamus and Maggie are watching all of this. Maggie's brought young William and he suddenly begins to cry in her arms. There is a long silence. Suddenly the Marshall comes on stage with his rifle.) 
Alright now, break it up. What's all this about...you causing trouble here, Tannen? 
No trouble, Marshall. Just a little personal matter between me and Eastwood. This don't concern the law. 
Tonight everything concerns the law - now break it up. Any brawlin', there's fifteen days in the county jail. (to the crowd) Come on, this is a party! Come on, let's have some fun! 
(The band starts playing again and people begin to dance. Tannen walks over to where Marty is standing.) 
8:00, Monday... you ain't here, I'll hunt you and shoot you down like a duck. 
It's dawg, Buford. Shoot 'im down like a dawg. 
(Tannen gets flustered but doesn't want to admit that he messed up.) 
Let's go, boys! Let these sissies have their party! 
(They quickly leave, and Doc pulls Marty aside.) 
Marty, what are you doing, saying you're going to meet Tannen? 
Doc, don't worry about it! Monday morning, 8 AM. We're gonna be gone, right? 
Theoretically, yes, but what if the train's late? 
Late? 
(Clara pops up at Doc's side.) 
We'll discuss this later. 
No, we'll discuss this now...late? 
Thank you for your gallantry, Mr. Eastwood. 
(modestly) No, hey, ma'am. 
Had you not interceded, Emmett might have been shot! 
Marty...uh, Clint...I'm going to take Clara home. 
(Before Marty can reply he's pulled aside by another man.) 
You sure set him straight, Mr. Eastwood. I'm glad somebody finally got the gumption to stand up to that son-of-a-bitch. 
You're alright in my book, Mr. Eastwood...I'd like to buy you a drink. 
Hey, look, I don't want a drink. It was no big deal. 
(Marty is tapped on the back by the Gun Salesman. He's holding out a gun.) 
Young man, young man...I'd like you to have this brand new Colt Peacemaker and gun belt, free of charge! 
Free? (takes the gun and belt) 
I want ever'-body to know that the gun that shot Buford Tannen was a Colt Peacemaker. 
Hey, hey, thanks. 
Of course, you understand that if you lose...I'm taking it back. (He smiles and walks away.) 
(Marty stares after the gun salesman dumbfounded.) 
Thanks again. 
(Marty walks the other direction and runs into Maggie and Seamus. Maggie is carrying William. They continue along together.) 
You had him, Mr. Eastwood! You could have just walked away, and nobody would o' thought the less o' ya for it. All it would have been was words... hot air from a buffoon. Instead you let him rile ya...rile ya into playing his game, his way, playing his rules. 
Seamus, relax, I know what I'm doing. 
He reminds me of poor Martin. 
Aye. 
Who? 
Me brother. 
(surprised) Wait a minute...you have a brother named Martin McFly? (they stop walking) 
Had a brother. (Marty gets the "I-don't-need-this" expression on his face.) Martin used to let men provoke him into fighting. He was concerned people would think him a coward if he refused. That's how he got a bowie knife shoved through his belly in a saloon in Virginia City. Never considered the future, poor Martin, God rest his soul. (walks off) 
Sure'n hope your considerin' the future, Mr. Eastwood. (she follows after Seamus with William in her arms.) 
(to himself) I think about it all the time. 
(Clara's House) 
(Doc and Clara are seated outside. They're looking at the stars through a telescope.) 
And that crater in the middle northwest, out there all by itself like a starburst? 
Uh-huh. 
That one's called Copernicus. (laughs) Listen to me, I feel like I'm teaching school! 
Oh, please, continue your lesson. I never found lunar geography so fascinating. You're quite knowledgeable. 
When I was 11, I had diphtheria. I was quarantined for three months, so my father bought me this telescope and put it next to my bed so I could see everything out my window. (pause) Emmett, do you think we'll ever be able to travel to the moon, like we travel across the country on trains? 
(Doc smiles.) 
Definitely, although not for another 84 years and not on trains. We'll have space vehicles ... capsules to sail off in rockets - devices that create giant explosions...explosions that are so...powerful that they... 
(finishing his sentence) ...they break the pull of the earth's gravity and send their projectile through outer space. (Doc stares at her, dumbfounded, and she laughs) Emmett...I read that book too. You're quoting Jules Verne, From The Earth To The Moon. 
(surprised) You've read Jules Verne? 
I adore Jules Verne. 
So do I. 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea, my absolute favorite. The first time I read that when I was a little boy I wanted to meet Captain Nemo and... 
(laughing) Please, Emmett...you couldn't have read that when you were a little boy, it was only first published ten years ago. 
(quickly covering up his mistake) Oh, yes, well...I meant it made me feel like a boy. I never met a woman who liked Jules Verne before. 
I never ever...met a man like you before. 
(They kiss.) 
(Blacksmith Shop) 
(Marty wakes up and looks around for Doc. He climbs out of bed and turns to face away from the camera. He's wearing long john's and one of the buttons on the rear is exposed so we see his butt.) 
Doc! Doc! (realizes that Doc isn't home) I hope you know what you're doing. (he looks down and spots the Colt Peacemaker. He picks up the gun and faces the mirror.) You talking to me? You talking to me, Tannen? (pause) Well I'm the only one here. Go ahead...make my day. 
(Downtown Hill Valley.) 
(Marty is walking down the street and people he doesn't even know are saying good morning to him.) 
Hey, good morning, Mr. Eastwood! 
Morning. 
Have a cigar, Mr. Eastwood. Anything I can do for you today, Mr. Eastwood? 
No, no, it's... fine. 
Man #3 Good luck tomorrow, Mr. Eastwood! We'll be prayin' for ya! 
Thanks. 
Good morning, Mr. Eastwood. Interest you in a new suit for a tomorrow? 
Ah, I'm...I'm fine. Thanks. 
(He turns and spots Doc. He heads over to him. Doc is smelling a flower that was given to him by Clara.) 
Doc. What are you doing? 
(stops sniffing) Oh, nothing...just out enjoying the morning air. It's really lovely here in the morning, don't you think? 
Yeah, it's lovely Doc. Listen, we gotta load the Delorean. We gotta get ready to roll alright...(he spots the tombstone from the picture) hey look at that, the tombstone. 
Marty, let me see that photograph again. (Marty hands it over and Doc examines it. He sighs.) My name...it's vanished. 
Hey, that's great Doc! Don't you get it - we're going back to the future tomorrow, so everything's bein' erased! 
But only my name is erased! The tombstone itself and the date still remain. That doesn't make sense. We know that this photograph represents what will happen if the events of today continue to run their course into tomorrow. 
Right and so? 
(The Undertaker comes over and begins measuring Marty.) 
Excuse me, Mr. Eastwood, I just need to take your measurement. 
Hey, look, pal, I don't want to buy a suit! 
(laughs) No, this is for your coffin. 
My coffin?! 
Well, the odds are running two to one against you. Might as well be prepared. (he walks off) 
So...it may not be my name that's supposed to end up on that tombstone. It may be yours. 
(clearly shocked) Great Scott! 
I know, this is heavy. (Marty and Doc start walking again) Marty, why are wearing that gun? You're not considering running against Tannen tomorrow! 
Doc, tomorrow morning I'm going back to the future with you. But if Buford Tannen comes looking for trouble I'm going to be ready for him. You heard what that son-of-a-bitch called me last night. 
Marty, you can't go losing your judgment every time someone calls you a name! That's exactly what causes you to get into that accident in the future. 
(stops in his tracks and turns to look at Doc) What? What about my future? 
Doc'I can't tell you. It might make things worse. 
Wait a minute, Doc...what is wrong with my future?! 
Calmly. Marty...we all have to make decisions that affect the course of our lives. You've gotta do what you've gotta do. And I've gotta do what I've gotta do. (leaves) 
(Railroad Tracks - Night) 
(Marty is working on something when Doc walks over and stoops down to talk to him.) 
Marty. 
Yeah? 
I've made a decision. I'm not going with you tomorrow. I'm staying here. 
What are you talkin' about, Doc?! 
There's no point in denying it. I'm in love with Clara. 
Oh man. Doc, we don't belong here! Neither one of us! You know it could still be you that gets shot tomorrow! (He takes out the photograph of the tombstone from his pocket and shoves it in Doc's face.) This tombstone could still be in your future! 
Marty...the future isn't written. It can be changed; you know that! Anyone can make their future whatever they want it to be. I can't let this one little photograph determine my entire destiny. I have to live my life according to what I believe is right... in my heart. 
(sighs) Doc...you're a scientist. So you tell me. What's the right thing to do, up here?? (he points to his head.) 
(thinks and then sighs) You're right, Marty. 
(They pull a switch and the Delorean rolls slowly down the tracks.) 
Wow, that worked great. 
I've at least gotta tell her goodbye. 
C'mon...Doc...I mean, think about it...what are you gonna say to her, I gotta go back to the future?? I mean, she's not gonna understand that, Doc. How long I been with ya and I don't even understand it?? (pause) Doc. Listen. Maybe we could...I dunno, maybe we could just take Clara with us. 
To the future? You've reminded me, Marty, I'm a scientist so I must be scientific about this. I cautioned you about disruption of the continuum for your own personal benefit. Therefore I must do no less. We will proceed as planned, and as soon as we return to 1985 we'll destroy this infernal machine. Traveling through time has become much too painful. (he walks away) 
(Marty stares after him before following him.) 
(Later) 
(Marty is asleep by the fire. Doc silently gets up and leaves.) 
(Clara's House) 
(There's a knock at the door.) 
(os) It's Emmett, Clara. 
(Clara gets up from her desk and opens the door. She smiles at Doc.) 
Oh, Emmett, won't you come in? 
No...I better not. I... 
What's wrong? 
I've come to say goodbye. 
Goodbye? Well, where ya goin'? 
I'm going away...and I'm afraid I'll never see you again. 
Emmett... 
Clara...I want you know that I care about you deeply, but I realize that I don't belong here, and I have to go back to where I came from. 
And where might that be? 
...I can't tell you. 
Well, wherever you're going, take me with you! 
I can't, Clara. I wish it didn't have to be this way...but just believe me when I say that I'll never forget you and that...I love you. 
I don't understand what you're trying to say. 
Clara...I don't think there's anyway that you can understand it. 
Please, Emmett, please...I have to know. If you sincerely do love me...then tell me the truth. 
All right then. I'm from the future. (Clara looks at him in disbelief.) I came here in a time machine that I invented and tomorrow I have to go back to the year 1985. 
(getting angry) Yes, Emmett, I do understand. (Doc looks relieved, not realizing that she's not done yet.) I understand that because you know I'm partial to the writings of Jules Verne you concocted those mendacities in order to take advantage of me! (She slaps Doc on the cheek.) Oh, I've heard some whoppers in my day but the fact that you'd expect me to entertain a notion like that is so...insulting and degrading! All you had to say is "I don't love you and I don't want to see you anymore." That at least would've been respectful! (She slams the door.) 
But that's not the truth! 
(Doc, removes the flower from his suit that Clara has given him and leaves it on the window sill next to her doorway. He leaves. Through the window we see Clara run into the room and bury her face on the bed, crying.) 
(Saloon) 
(Doc walks in looking utterly depressed.) 
Emmett! What can I get you, the usual? 
No, Chester, I'm gonna need something a lot stronger than that tonight. 
Certainty in his voice. Sarsaparilla. 
Whiskey, Chester. 
Whiskey? Emmett, are you sure? You know what happened to you on the fourth of July... 
Whiskey. 
(takes out a bottle) Okay, I ain't your papa. (He pours some in a small shot glass.) I just don't wanna see you...losing the whole thing. 
You can leave the bottle. 
It's a woman, right? I knew it! I have seen that look on a man's face a thousand times, all across the country. Well I can tell you, friend. You'll get over her. 
Oh-ho. Clara was one in a million. One in a billion. One in a googolplex. The woman of my dreams and I lost her for all time. 
I can assure you, sir, there are other women. I have peddled this barbed wire all across the country, and it has taught me one thing for certain. It's that you never know what the future might bring. 
Oh-ho...the future, I can tell you about the future. 
(Railroad Tracks - Morning) 
(Marty is just waking up, lifting his head from the barrel of his gun which he slept on top of the entire night.) 
Oh...oh, man, did I sleep...what time is it, Doc? (realizes Doc is gone) Doc! 
(He pulls out the photo of the tombstone. Underneath the 'Here lies…" the name 'Clint Eastwood' begin to appear.) 
(Tannen's Camp - Morning) 
Wake up! (He kicks one of his gang members in the stomach, forcing him to cringe and try to get up.) I got me a runt to kill! 
It's still early, boss. 
It's still early! 
I'm hungry. 
(Saloon) 
(Doc is still holding his shot glass. He's talking to the entire saloon.) 
...but in the future, we don't need horses. We have horseless carriages called auto-mo-biles. 
(And old man laughs.) 
If everybody's got one of these automo-whatsits, does anybody walk or run anymore? 
Of course they run. But for recreation, for fun. 
Run for fun? Ha-ha, what the hell kind of fun is that? 
(Another old man begins to laugh.) 
(Blacksmith Shop) 
(Marty arrives in town. He jumps off his horse and runs into Doc's shop.) 
Doc! Doc! 
(Realizing that Doc isn't there he runs back outside. He looks around and spots the Saloon.) 
(Saloon) 
(Everyone in the Saloon is watching Doc with his shot glass.) 
How much has he had? 
None. That's his first one and he hasn't touched it, yet. He just likes to hold it. 
(The old man laughs as Marty runs into the Saloon.) 
Doc! Doc! (He sees the glass.) What're you doin'? 
I lost her, Marty. There's nothing left of me here. 
All right, so that's why you've gotta come back with me. 
(confused) Where? 
(in a what's-wrong-with-you voice) Back to the future! 
(with conviction) Right. Let's get going. (he sets down his glass) 
Great. 
Gentlemen, excuse me, but my friend and I have to catch a train. 
Here's to ya, blacksmith. (He raises his glass in salute.) 
And to the future! (He raises his glass too.) 
Amen. 
Amen. (He raises his glass from the bar and goes to drink it.) 
Emmett, no!! 
(But the Bartender is too late and Doc swallows the whiskey. As the entire bar watch Doc takes one step forward and keels over, smashing the Old Men's table.) 
Doc! Doc! Doc! C'mon, Doc, wake up, wake up, Doc. (To Bartender.) How many did he have? 
Just one. 
(in disbelief) Just one?! C'mon, Doc. 
There's a feller that can't hold his liquor. 
Gimme some coffee... black. 
Joey, coffee! 
(Marty looks out the window and sees the clock. It reads 7:45.) 
(Road) 
(Tannen and his gang are riding fast to get into town.) 
Giddy up, hey, hoot! 
(Train Station) 
Ma'am. 
How far does the 8:00 train go? 
San Francisco's the end of the line. 
I'll take a one way ticket. 
(Saloon) 
(Marty is trying to get Doc to drink the coffee, but it's not working.) 
You want to sober him up in a hurry, son, you're gonna have to use something a lot stronger than coffee. 
Yeah, what do you suggest? 
(smiles) Joey. Let's make some wake up juice. 
(They pull out several ingredients. The Bartender pours a little of everything into a glass.) 
In about ten minutes, he's gonna be as sober as a priest on Sunday. 
Ten minutes?! (Looks at clock, sees it is now 7:50.) Why do we have to cut these things so damn close? 
(The Bartender walks over with the glass of liquid, a funnel, and a clothespin.) 
Here, stick this clothespin on his nose, and when he opens up his mouth, go ahead and pour it on down his throat. (Marty begins to do so.) Oh, and stand back. 
(Marty pours the liquid through the funnel and for a moment nothing happens. He stands up just in time, because Doc's eyes suddenly open wide, he jumps up, grabs his throat, and starts yelling.) 
WAHHHH!! HOT! HOT! 
(He runs out of the saloon and dunks his head into the water-filled horse trawl. He doesn't move. Marty and the bartender run out after him and look around, and spot him by the horse trawl. They lift him out of the water and look at his face.) 
He's still out! 
(as they drag Doc back into the saloon) Oh, that, that was just a reflex action. It's gonna take a few more minutes for the stuff to really clear up his head. 
Perfect. 
(Train Station) 
(Clara boards the train.) 
(Saloon) 
(Marty and the Bartender are slapping Doc's face, trying to wake him up. Seamus wanders in.) 
C'mon, Doc, c'mon...wake up, buddy. C'mon, wake up, Doc, c'mon, c'mon. 
Seamus. Wouldn't expect to see you here this morning. 
Aye. But something inside me told me I should be 'ere. As if my future had something to do with it. 
(Marty turns for a moment and stares at Seamus. Then the bartender speaks, snapping him back to the task at hand.) 
He'll come around in a minute. 
C'mon, Doc, c'mon...wake up, now, buddy, c'mon. 
(os)Are you in there, Eastwood? (Marty looks up out the window which is on the other side of the room. Tannen is outside, yelling into the saloon.) It's eight o'clock, and I'm calling you out. 
(yelling out to Tannen) It's not 8:00 yet! 
It is by my watch! Let's settle this once and for all, runt. Or ain't you got the guts? 
(Marty pulls out the photo of the tombstone again. It clearly reads 'Here lies Clint Eastwood'. He gulps.) 
Listen. I'm not really feeling up to this today. So I'm gonna have to forfeit! 
Forfeit? Forfeit! (He turns to one of his gang members.) What's that mean? 
Uh...it means that you win without a fight. 
Without shootin'? Hey, he can't do that. (to Marty) You can't do that! (Marty gulps.) You know what I think? Ah think you're a gutless yella turd. And I'm giving ya to the count of 10 to come out here and prove I'm wrong. 1... 
Doc!! C'mon, sober up, buddy, let's go. 
2... 
You better get out there son - I got $20 goin' betting on ya so you can't let me down. 
I got $30 goin' betting against you so don't let ME down. 
3...4... 
You better face up to it son, because if you don't go out there... 
5... 
What? What if I don't go out there? 
You're a coward! 
6... 
And you'll be branded a coward for the rest of your days! 
Ever' body, ever were, will say Clint Eastwood is the biggest yeller belly in the west. 
(Tannen can't remember what number comes next. He looks to his gang members for help. One of them holds up seven fingers for him.) 
7... 
Here...(He slides a gun across the table.) 
8... 
I already got a gun. (He passes it back to the man.) 
9... 
(Marty looks at everyone around him and each and every one of them returns the wide-eyed, silent gaze.) 
10! You hear me, runt? I said that's ten, you gutless yella pie slinger. 
(shrugs) He's an asshole! I don't care what Tannen says! And I don't care what anybody else says either. 
(Just then Doc wakes up.) 
Whoa! 
Doc, Doc, you okay??!! 
I think so...whoa, what a headache! 
(to Bartender) Listen, you got a back door to this place? 
Yeah, it's in the back. 
C'mon, Doc, let's go. (they move to leave) 
Are you comin' out here, runt, or do I have to go in there after ya? 
(Doc and Marty escape out the back door and go down the stairs into an alley.) 
The thing I really miss here is Tylenol. 
(A gang member wanders over to check the alley and spots them.) 
Hey! (Marty runs into Saloon. Doc hides behind some barrels.) Freeze blacksmith! 
(Train) 
(The whistle blows as the train finally leaves the station. The bearded man from last night is sitting next to another man directly behind Clara, who is sitting alone.) 
Yessir, that poor fella last night had the biggest case of broken heart I have ever seen! And when he said that he didn't know how he could live the rest of his life knowing how much hurt he'd caused that little girl? Well, I really felt for him. I did. Right here. 
(Saloon - Back Room) 
(Marty is crouched low as he looks out the window. Tannen now has Doc as a hostage.) 
Listen up, Eastwood! I intend to shoot somebody today and I'd prefer it to be you. But if you're just too damn yella, I guess it'll just have to be you're blacksmith friend. 
Forget about me, Marty, and save yourself! 
You got one minute to decide. You hear me runt? One minute! 
(Marty turns from the window and spots an old cast iron stove. He gets an idea.) 
(Train) 
I never seen a man so broken up over a woman. What'd you say her name was? Cara? Sara? 
Clara? 
Clara! 
(Clara instantly spins around.) 
Excuse me. 
Ma'am. 
But was this man tall, with great big brown puppy dog eyes and long silvery flowing hair?? 
You know him! 
(turns back around) Emmett! 
(She gets up and pulls on a cable that causes the train to stop. Everyone jerks as the train comes to a quick stop. Clara jumps off the train and starts running back towards Hill Valley.) 
(Hill Valley - Main Street) 
(Tannen and his gang, along with Doc, are waiting for Marty.) 
Times up, runt! (He throws the watch at Doc and points his gun toward him.) Prepare to meet your Maker, blacksmith. 
Right here, Tannen! 
(Tannen turns and spots Marty. They assume positions seen in normal shooting scenes in Westerns. Everyone who was in the saloon comes out and so do all the townspeople near by.) 
Draw! 
No! (Tannen stares at him. He throws his gun and belt down, and gulps.) I thought we could settle this like men. 
(pause) You thought wrong, dude. (He shoots and Marty falls to the ground.) 
(Tannen laughs and walks over to where Marty lays motionless on the ground. Doc watches Tannen then looks down at Marty in disbelief.) 
Ahh, thank ya. 
(Tannen stops just in front of Marty. He points his gun down at Marty meaning to finish him off. Suddenly Marty kicks the gun out of Tannen's hand. He stands up to face Tannen. Tannen throws a punch and nearly breaks his hand. Marty lifts his poncho to reveal the stove door that he put on as a bullet-proof vest. He saw the same thing in the Clint Eastwood movie that Biff was watching in the other 1985 time line. Marty takes off the stove door and slams it down on top of Tannen's head. He falls, but then stands up again. Marty punches him again and again, and Tannen crashes into the tombstone in front of a shop, breaking it in half, and then he lands headfirst in the A. Jones Manure Cart. Everyone stares.) 
(chuckles slightly.) That was good. 
(The Deputy Marshall and his officers are galloping on horseback toward the scene.) 
You know what I think? I think Buford's going to jail. 
You're right. 
(The gang members all take off running. Doc trips one of them, and the others keep running.) 
Get him out of that shit. Get them! (He indicates the escaping criminals, and the others take off in pursuit. The Mayor points his long rifle at Tannen's head.) 
Buford Tannen, you're under arrest for robbing the Pine City Stage. You got anything to say? 
(slowly spits out two mouthfuls of manure) I hate manure. 
(to Marty) Look! 
(He indicates the split tombstone and Marty immediately whips out the photo, from which the image of the tombstone vanishes.) 
YES! 
(In the distance the train whistle blows.) 
The train! 
Can we make it? 
We'll have to cut it off at Coyote Pass! 
(They quickly get on their horses but before they leave a little boy stops Marty.) 
Hey Mister...Mr. Eastwood. Here's your gun, Mister. (he gives the gun to Marty.) 
Thanks, kid. (He spots his Seamus standing in front of the Saloon. Seamus grins and rolls his hands into fists, faking a punch to show that he saw what Marty did.) Seamus! (Marty tosses him the gun and gun belt.) Worth $12, never been used. 
Maybe I'll trade it for a new hat. 
Right, and take care of that baby! (He rides off with Doc toward the train.) 
(calling after him) I will! 
(Blacksmith shop) 
(Clara runs in.) 
Emmett! Emmett! Emmett! (She stops and studies the model of the railroad. She picks up the wooden futuristic automobile and reads the words printed on it.) Time machine... 
(Train) 
(The train is moving again and Doc and Marty are trying desperately to catch up to it. The catch up to it and barely manage to climb onto the caboose.) 
C'mon Marty! 
Ah! Ah! 
Ah, gimme your hand! 
Ahhh! Whoa! Whoa! Ahh! 
(Somewhere, Clara is on her horse following the train.) 
(Train) 
(As they jump to the different cars to get to the engine car Doc and Marty make very peculiar yelling noises.) 
Wa-ha!Whoa! 
Hoo! C'mon, Marty! 
Marty jumps on the top of another car, yelling all the way. 
Ahhhhh! 
C'mon, let's go! Masks on. 
(They tie bandanas over their mouths and climb over a train car filled with logs and into the engineer's car. They point their guns at the Engineer.) 
Freeze! 
Is this a holdup? (He holds his hands up.) 
(Doc and Marty glance at each other.) 
It's a science experiment! Stop the train before you hit the switch track up ahead. 
(A few minutes later) 
(The train has stopped a few feet from the Delorean which has been lowered onto the tracks.) 
Doc! (he switches the track.) 
(to the Engineer) Uncouple the cars from the tender. 
(Marty climbs up into the train as it starts to move. Doc blows the train whistle.) 
I've wanted to do that my whole life! 
(Marty laughs.) 
(Later) 
(Marty and Doc are grabbing colored logs from the car and carrying them to the train.) 
What are these things, anyway? 
My own version of Presto Logs. Compressed wood with anthracite dust chemically treated to make the fire burn hotter and longer. I use them in my forge. These three will light the fire sequentially, make the fire burn hotter, kick up the boiler pressure and make the train go faster. 
(Clara arrives at the remaining cars left behind by Doc and Marty. She kicks her horse into high gear and continues riding.) 
Hiyah! 
(Train) 
(Marty is in the Delorean, which is hooked up to the front of the train. Doc is in the front of the train. The train whistle blows.) 
(into walkie-talkie) Ready to roll! 
(There is a shot of Clara following them. She can see them now, but they cannot see her.) 
EMMETT! 
(into walkie-talkie) Marty, are the time circuits on? 
(into walkie-talkie)Check, Doc. 
(into walkie-talkie) Input the destination time - October 27, 1985, 11 AM. 
(Marty punches this information into the keypad.) 
(into walkie-talkie) We're cruising at a steady 25 miles an hour, Doc. 
(into walkie-talkie) I'm throwing in the Presto Logs. 
(He throws the logs into the fire, one by one.) 
(into walkie-talkie) Marty, the new gauge will show the boiler temperature. (In the Delorean Marty looks at the new device Doc has installed.) The color coding indicates when each log will fire. Green, yellow, and red. Each detonation will be accompanied by a sudden burst of acceleration. Hopefully we'll get up to 88 miles per hour before the needle hits two thousand. 
(into walkie-talkie) Right, what happens what it hits two thousand? 
(Clara has caught up to the end of the train.) 
(into walkie-talkie) The whole motor will explode. 
(sarcastically into walkie-talkie) Perfect. 
(Clara manages to get off her horse and onto the end of the train.) 
(into walkie-talkie) Hey, Doc, we just hit 35! 
(into walkie-talkie) Okay, Marty, I'm coming aboard! 
(He begins to climb out to the Delorean) 
Emmett! 
(Marty is keeping his eye on the speedometer and talking to himself.) 
Come on, come on. (He suddenly screams into the walkie-talkie.) You better hold on to something, Doc, the yellow log's about to blow!!! 
(There is a big explosion and Clara is shown, stunned, as she was thrown back a little on the car she was climbing on.) 
Ahh! Golly. 
(into walkie-talkie) We just passed 40! 
(Clara has finally reached the engine of the train.) 
Emmett! Emmett! Emmett! 
(Doc looks around while continuing to make his way to the Delorean. But he shakes his head as he thinks he's imagining things. Marty opens the wing door on the Delorean and looks to see where Doc is.) 
(into walkie-talkie) We just passed 45, Doc, go for it!(He looks at the speedometer and mutters.) Fifty. 
(Clara looks around for a way to get Doc's attention. Suddenly she pulls on the whistle cord. Doc and Marty both look at the engine car in shock as they spot Clara.) 
Emmett! 
Clara! 
(She shrugs and shouts above the din.) I love you. 
(into walkie-talkie) Doc, Doc! What's happening? 
(into walkie-talkie) It's Clara, she's on the train! 
Clara! (to himself) Perfect. 
(into walkie-talkie) She's in the cab. I'm gonna go back for her. 
(Just then the Delorean passes the windmill.) 
(into walkie-talkie) The windmill! Doc, the windmill! We're goin' past 60! You'll never make it! 
(into walkie-talkie) Then we'll have to take her back with us! Keep calling out the speed! (Doc turns to Clara and shouts to her.) Clara, climb out here to me! 
I don't know if I can! 
You can do it! Just don't look down...that's it! 
(Clara slowly makes her way out of the engine car.) 
(into walkie-talkie) Sixty miles an hour, Doc!! 
(to Clara) You're doing fine! Nice and steady! Come on! Just a little further! (All the while Clara is moving closer to him, climbing on the edge of the train.) 
I can't Emmett, I'm scared! 
(into walkie-talkie) SEVENTY! 
Come on...you're doing fine...nice and easy...that's it...don't look down... 
(into walkie-talkie) DOC! THE RED LOG'S ABOUT TO BLOW!!! 
Clara!! 
(There is a huge explosion. Clara nearly falls off the train. Her dress gets caught and that's the only reason she doesn't fall. She's hanging upside down.) 
Whoa!! 
Emmett! 
Clara! Hold on! 
I can't! (She screams in desperation as her dress begins to rip.) 
(Inside the Delorean, the hoverboard flies by itself into a seat beside Marty.) 
(into walkie-talkie) Doc! I'll gonna slip you the hoverboard. 
Marty! Watch out! 
(Marty turns around to see, just in time, a wooden sign that indicates that the bridge is not yet finished. He ducks into the car before the sign is blown apart by the car.) 
Ahhh!!! 
AHHH!! AHH! EMMETT, HELP! 
Hold on, Clara! Whoo! 
(into walkie-talkie) Doc! Catch it! 
(Doc nods and Marty sends the hoverboard flying toward him.) 
Whoa! (His feet land on the board.) 
YES! YES! 
Emmett! 
Hold on! 
Doc picks Clara up just in time. They are now safe on the hoverboard.) 
YES! 
(Marty watches as Doc and Clara, staring into each other's eyes, fly away from the Delorean. Marty slams the gull-wing door and get ready to travel back to the future. The Delorean hits 88 MPH and they shoot off into 1985. The locomotive, on fire, falls off the edge of the ravine.) 
(Railroad Tracks - 1985) 
(The Delorean pops out of nowhere onto the tracks. Marty waves, sheepishly to the cars who are stopped on either side of the tracks. Suddenly there is a modern day train whistle. Marty looks up and stares, mortified, as he sees a huge freight that is about to collide with the Delorean.) 
Shit! (Just in time he manages to open the car door and stumble out.) AHHH!!! 
(He is still in the air when the Delorean is hit by the train and is reduced to a million little pieces. The train moves on. Marty goes over to where the car used to be, staring as the time circuit boards flicker one last time before they go dead forever.) 
Well, Doc, it's destroyed. He lifts his head. Just like you wanted. 
(Marty's house) 
(Marty runs past the sign that says Lyon Estates and toward his garage. The door of the garage is open and his truck sits there. He picks up a bottle of car wax. Suddenly Biff pops up from the other side of the car.) 
Hey butthead! Get away from…
Watch it, Biff. 
(Biff's tone instantly changes.) 
Marty! I - I didn't mean to scare ya! I didn't recognize you in those clothes! 
What the hell are you doin'? 
Uh...just puttin' on the second coat now! (He indicates Marty's clothes.) You goin' cowboy, huh? (He gives Marty a quick thumbs-up.) 
(The front door opens and Dave walks out, still in a business suit.) 
C'mon, guys, we'll be late for brunch. (he glances at his watch.) 
(The rest of the family comes out.) 
Come on, Dad, they won't hold your reservations all day! 
Lorraine, have you seen my glasses? 
They're in your suede jacket, honey. (She is the first to notice Marty.) Marty. We thought you went to the lake. 
You wore that to the lake? 
Thank God you guys are all back to normal. 
Hey Marty, who're you supposed to be, Clint Eastwood? 
Right. I gotta go get Jennifer. (He gets into his truck.) 
I really like that hat, Marty. 
Thanks, Biff. 
(Jennifer's House) 
(Marty pulls up outside of Jennifer's house. Jennifer is still sleeping on the swing on the porch.) 
Jennifer. Jen. Jennifer. Wake up. 
(Marty sits beside her on the swing. She hasn't stirred yet. He gently touches her cheek. He bends down and kisses her. Her eyes open and she smiles.) 
Marty. (She sits up and embraces him, and she changes her expression.) I had the worst nightmare. 
(In Town.) 
(Marty and Jennifer are sitting in the truck, waiting for a traffic light. No other cars are around.) 
Marty, that dream I had was so real. It was about the future. It was about us...and you got fired. 
What do you mean, I got fired? (He notices the sign outside the car on Jennifer's side.) Hilldale. Hilldale! This is where we live...I...I mean, this is, uh, this is where we're gonna live. Someday. (He smiles sheepishly.) 
(giving Marty a strange look) Marty...it was a dream, wasn't it? 
(Before Marty gets a chance to reply, there is a sound of tires screeching and another truck pulls up next to them. It's Needles and his gang. Inside the truck, the song "The Power of Love" by Huey Lewis and the News is booming.) 
Hey! The big "M". How's it hanging, McFly? 
(Without looking at him) Hey, Needles. 
Nice set of wheels. Let's see what she can do...next green light. 
No thanks. 
What's the matter? Chicken? 
(grabbing Marty's hand) Marty...don't. 
Grab a hold of something. 
(Needles and his gang laugh hysterically. At regular intervals they rev up the engine. Marty just looks at them. The light turns green, and all we see are tires rolling and screeching. Needles speeds on ahead, while Marty spins around and his truck goes in reverse. He and Jennifer stare out the back window at Needles who continues on without stopping.) 
Did you do that on purpose? 
Yeah. You think I was stupid enough to race that asshole? 
(Just then, a Rolls Royce appears, exiting a private street. Needles' truck almost hits it, and he spins around the vehicle just in time.) 
Geez...I would've hit that Rolls Royce. 
(As he stares, puzzled, Jennifer takes out the Cusco FAX she brought home from the future earlier and watches as the text, "YOU'RE FIRED!!!", vanishes from the page.) 
(in an awed whisper) It erased. 
(Train Tracks) 
(Marty and Jennifer are looking at what's left of the Delorean.) 
You're right. There's not much left. 
Doc's never comin' back. I'm sure gonna miss him, Jen. 
(He picks up a torn piece of paper from the mess. It's a picture, torn in half, of Doc at the clock tower in 1885. Suddenly the rail crossing bells start ringing. Marty and Jennifer back up off the tracks and look bother directions, but no train is coming. They look at each other, puzzled.) 
What the hell? 
(Suddenly there is a huge "boom" and Marty and Jennifer are thrown back. They land on the grass. A shiny train, with "ELB" written on the side, appears. Out of the cab window, Doc pops his head out.) 
Doc! 
Marty! 
(excited) Doc! Doc! 
Marty! It runs on steam! (He opens the doors of the train and he and Clara stand in the opening.) Meet the family. Clara, you know. 
Hi, Marty! 
Ma'am! 
These are our boys! (Two young boys step into sight.) Jules, and Verne! Boys, this is Marty and Jennifer. 
Doc, I thought I'd never see you again! 
Can't keep a good scientist down. After all, I had to come back for Einstein, and I didn't want you to be worried about me. (Clara hands him something wrapped in brown paper.) Oh. I brought you a little souvenir. 
(Doc stoops down from the train but doesn't get off, and gives the gift to Marty. Marty rips it open. Inside is a framed photo of him and Doc at the clock tower in 1885.) 
It's great Doc. Thanks! 
Doctor Brown? (She takes out the Cusco FAX from her pocket, holding out for Doc to see.) I brought this note back from the future and...now it's erased! 
Of course it's erased! 
But what does that mean? 
It means that your future hasn't been written yet. No one's has. Your future is whatever you make it. So make it a good one. Both of you! 
Firmly, waving. We will, Doc! 
Stand back! (to his boys as the doors close) All right, boys, buckle up! 
Hey, Doc...where ya goin' now? Back to the future? 
From the cab window, he shakes his head. Nope. Already been there! (he waves at Marty and Jennifer) 
(Marty and Jennifer wave back, and the time train rises into the air and suddenly gains speed and disappears. The screen blackens and we see...THE END.) 